Dahir carrying law n° 1-74-447 (11 ramada n 1394) approving the text of the Code of
civil procedure (B.O. September 30, 1974).

Having regard to the Constitution and in particular its article 102.

Article First
er: The text forming the Code of Civil Procedure is approved as it
is published as an annex to this legal dahir.

Article 2: The provisions of this code will be applied to the full extent
of the Kingdom from 14 Rama dan 1394 (October 1, 1974).



Article 3: The courts and tribunals will continue to observe the laws and regulations
individuals that could im
carry out procedures not provided for by the code;by
However, the provisions of this code apply even to matters governed by
particular laws and regulations, in everything which has not, in these laws, been the subject
express provisions.

Article 4: References to the provisions of texts repealed by this dahir
carrying law,
contained in legislative or regulatory texts, apply
to the corresponding provisions laid down by the attached code.

Article 5: Are repealed, from the date of application of the annexed code,
any legal provisions to the contrary or which could result in duplication and
in particular:

The dahir of the 9 ram has
dan 1331 (August 12, 1913) on civil procedure and texts
who composed it
summer or modified;

Article 8 of the organic dahir of 9 rama dan 1331 (August 12, 1913);


The 28 m dahir
oharrem 1376 (September 5, 1956) relating to the procedure in
matter of marriage nullities applicable before the courts established by the
dahir of 9 ram adan 1331 (August 12, 1913) re
related to judicial organization;

The dahirs of 22 Ramadan 1333 (August 4, 1915), of 22 Hija 1341 (August 6, 1923), of
16 chaabane 1342 (March 22, 1924) and all other provisions concerning
oukala el Rhiab;

Article 13 of the dahir of 18 Joumada I 1369 (March 8, 1950) extending the civil status regime established by the dahir of 24 chaoual 1333 (September 4
bre 1915)
modified and supplemented by Dahir No. 1-63-240 of 24 Joumada II 1383 (November 12, 1963);

The first articles, 8 to 10 inclusive, 12 to 38 inclusive, 43 to 49 inclusive of dahir n° 1-
57-223 of 2 Rebia I 1377 (September 27, 1957) related
f to the Supreme Court;
Dahir bearing law No. 1-72-110 of 15 Jumada II 1392 (July 27, 1972)
establishing social courts;

The royal decree relating to law n° 273-68 of 28 Rama dan 1388 (December 19
ber 1968)
establishing on a transitional basis a special procedure regulating actions in
payment of residential rent;

Dahir No. 1-69-66 of 23 Joumada I 1390 (July 27, 1970) establishing a
simpli fied procedure for payment actions
ent of receivables resulting from a
title or a recognized promise.

Article 6: This dahir establishing the law will be published in the Official Bulletin.


*
* *

Code of Civil Procedure

First Title


Chapter One: Preliminary provisions


Article One: Only those who have quality, capacity and
interest in asserting their rights.The judge reports to
office the lack of quality or capacity or interest or the
lack of authorization when it
-this is required.
He gives notice to the party to regularize the situation within a deadline he sets.
If regularization occurs, the action is considered to be valid
pitifully
committed.In the opposite case, the judge declares the action inadmissible.
Article 2: The judge cannot refrain from judging or rendering a decision;
any case brought before a court must give rise to a judgment.
However, in the event of withdrawal, if there is no opposition, the case is struck out and
mention of this cancellation is entered in the court register.

Article 3: The judge must rule within the limits set by the requests of the
parties and cannot automatically modify the
object, nor the cause of these requests.He must
always rule in accordance with the laws which govern the matter, even if
the application of these laws is not expressly required by the parties.

Article 4: A magistrate cannot hear appeal or cassation of a case
of which he was already aware in a court of law
nt of a degree
lower.Article 5: Every litigant is required to exercise his rights according to the rules of good
faith.

Chapter II: The role of the public prosecutor before the civil courts

Article 6: The public prosecutor may act as main party or intervene
as an attached part.He represents others in cases determined by law.

Article 7: When the public ministry acts ex officio as requester or
defendant, in cases expressly determined by law, he has all
the means of appeal with the exception of opposition.

Article 8: In all cases for which the law orders communication to the
m
public prosecution, as well as in those
where he asked to intervene after
communication of the file or when the procedure has been communicated to him
ex officio by the judge, the public prosecutor acts as a joined party and does not have
in these cases there is no recourse.

Article 9: The causes must be communicated to the public prosecutor.
following: 1° Those concerning public order, the State, local authorities,
public establishments, donations and legacies for the benefit of
charitable institutions,
habous property and collective lands;
2° Those concerning the status of persons and guardianships;


3° Those which concern incapable persons and generally speaking, all
those where one of the parties is defended or assisted by a legal representative;

4° Those concerning and interesting people presumed absent;

5° The
declinations of jurisdiction relating to a conflict of attribution;
6° Regulations of judges, challenges of magistrates and referrals for
cause of p
arenté or alliance;


7° Attacks;
8° Procedures for registering fakes.


The causes listed above are communicated to the public ministry, three
days at least before the hearing, by the registry.However, in front of the
court of first i
nstance, this communication may be made at the hearing at
which case is called.

In this case, the public prosecutor may request the referral of the case to the highest
next hearing to present its written or oral conclusions.The court
is required to order the dismissal.

The public prosecutor can take cognizance of all the causes in
which he believes his intervention necessary.


The court may order this communication ex officio.


Mention must be made in the judgment, under penalty of nullity, of the deposit or
delivered these conclusions.
Article 10: The m
The public prosecutor is only required to attend the hearing in cases
where he is the main party or when his presence is made obligatory by law.
In other cases,
Presence is optional.


Title II: The jurisdiction of the courts

Chapter One: General provisions


Article 11: The rate of final jurisdiction is determined
mined
solely by the amount of the request as it results from the last
conclusions of the plaintiff and with the exception of legal costs, interest
moratoriums, penalty payments and tax fines.
Article 12: If the value of the subject of the dispute is indeterminate, the decision is
rendered in the first instance.

Article 13: When several requests made by the same party
rtie against the
same defendant are brought together in the same instance, the decision is not
pronounced only on appeal if their total value exceeds the rate of the last
emerges, even if one of these requests is lower than this
sum.

Article 14: The request made by several applicants or against several
defendants, collective
ement and by virtue of a common title, is judged last
emerges if the share relating to each of the applicants does not exceed the rate of
last resort;it is judged for the whole, in the first instance, if the share of one of the interested parties exceeds this sum.

The provisions of the preceding paragraph are not applicable in the event of
solidarity, either between the plaintiffs or between the defendants or when of object
of the dispute is indivisible.

Article 15: The court c
we know of all the counterclaims or in
compensation which, by their nature or value, is within the limits
ites of its
skill.

When each of the main claims, counterclaims or in
compensation is within the limits of its competence as a last resort, it
pronounces without there being any grounds for appeal.

If one of these requests is likely to be judged only on appeal, the
court only pronounces on all first
1st spring.
Article 16: Any exception of incompetence, due to the matter or location,
must be raised by the parties before any exception or defense on the merits.
It can only be invoked as a cause of appeal in the case of a judgment rendered
by default.
The applicant for the exception is required to make
e know, on pain of inadmissibility, the
court before which the case must be brought.
If the ex
reception is accepted, the file is transmitted to the competent court and
this is its rightful place and free of charge.
Incompetence due to the matter may be pronounced ex officio by the judge
of the first degree.

Article 17: The court seized of
an exception of incompetence must rule on
this either by separate judgment, or by joining the incident to the merits.

Chapter II: Competence due to the subject

Section I: Jurisdiction of the courts of first instance



Article 18: Subject to the
special competence attributed to judges
comm
local and district judges, the courts of first instance
know all civil matters, personal and inheritance status,
commercial, administrative and social, either as a first and last resort, or
dependent on appeal.
They are also competent, notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary, even
in the event that a previous special law had conferred knowledge of
a
category of cases to another jurisdiction.

Article 19: The courts of first instance have final jurisdiction
requests up to the value of three
thousand dirhams and at call charge, for
all requests worth more than this rate.
Article 20: The court of first instance has jurisdiction in matters
social
to know:

a) Individual disputes relating to employment contracts or
of
learning and individual disputes in relation to work or
learning;


b) Compensation for claims resulting from work accidents and
occupational diseases in accordance with current regulations;
c) Disputes which may give rise to the application of legislation and
regulation a
tions on social security.
Article 21: In social matters, the judge rules without appeal within the limits of the
comp
decision of the court of first instance established by article 19 and dependent
appeal if the request is of a higher value or if its rate is indeterminate.


However, it only rules in first instance in matters of work accidents.
and occupational diseases as well as pensions paid under the
social security, with the exception of disputes relating to the application of
penalties provided for by the legislation relating to compensation for accidents in the
work and occupational diseases which are judged as a last resort, even
if the requests are indeterminate.
Article 22: The provisions of Article 15 relating to requests
counterclaims are applicable.
Article 23: Disputes and disputes provided for in paragraph a) of article
20 doi
wind be the subject of a single request, on pain of being declared no
admissible, unless the applicant only justifies the causes of the requests
news were born for his benefit and were only known to him
subsequent to the submission of the original request.However, are
admissible new requests which are made before the request
originator is definitively judged, in which case they must be attached to the
first request so that all requests can be decided by a single
and even judgment.


Section II: The jurisdiction of the courts of appeal

Article 24: Unless otherwise provided by law, the courts of appeal hear
appeals from the judgments of the first courts
first instance as well as
appeals from orders issued by their presidents.


Section III: Provisions common to the various jurisdictions


Article 25: (paragraph 2, replaced, article 50 of law no. 41-90 in st
ituating
administrative courts) Unless otherwise provided by law, it is prohibited for
courts to hear, even incidentally, all requests tending to
obstruct the action of state administrations and other public authorities or
to have one of their actions annulled.

Courts are also prohibited from ruling on the constitutionality
of a law".
Article 26: Subject to the provisions of article 149, each jurisdiction
experiencing difficulties
s relating to the interpretation or execution of its
judgments or judgments and in particular those concerning the costs incurred before
her.
Judgments rendered under the preceding paragraph may only be appealed if
judgments intervene
naked in the main instances were themselves
subject to appeal.
Chapter III: Territorial jurisdiction


Article 27: Territorial jurisdiction belongs to the court of the real domicile or
elected representative of the defendant.

If this one has no dom
here in Morocco, but has a residence there, she
belongs to the court of this residence.
If the defendant has neither domicile nor residence in Morocco, he may be brought
before the court of the domicile or residence of the plaintiff or one of
them
if there are several of them.If there are several defendants, the plaintiff may, at his choice, refer the matter to the court of
home or residence of one of
them.
Article 28: By way of derogation from the provisions of the preceding article, actions
are brought before the following courts
before:


- in real estate matters, including petitionary or possessory actions, the
disputed property situation tribunal;

- in mixed matters relating to both the contestation of a personal right and
from u
n real law, before the court of the location of the premises or that of the domicile
or the residence of the defendant;

- in matters of child support, before the court of the place of domicile or of
the residence of the defendant or the plaintiff, at the latter's choice;
- in terms of medical or nutritional care services
ture, in court
the place where care was given or food provided;- in matters of compensation for damage, before the court of the place where the fact
damage occurred or in front of the person in charge
here of the defendant, at the choice
of the applicant;- in terms of supplies, works, rentals, rental of works or industry,
before the court of the place where the agreement was entered into
recorded or executed, when
one of the parties is domiciled in this place;failing that, before the court where the defendant is domiciled;

- in matters of public works, before the court of the place where the work was carried out
executed;
- in matters of contracts in which the State or another public authority is
party, before the court of the place where the contract was signed;
- in matters of disputes relating to correspondence, recommended items
and shipments of declared values and post parcels
to, before the court of the domicile of
the sender or before the domicile of the recipient, at the choice of the party
more diligent;

- in matters of direct taxes and municipal taxes, before the local court
where the tax or duty is due;
- in matters of inheritance, before the court of the place where the inheritance is
open;

- in terms of
incapacity, emancipati on, prohibition or revocation of a
tutor dati
f or will, before the court of the place of opening of the
estate or domicile of those who are incapacitated, at the choice of
these or their legal representative;if they do not have a domicile in Morocco,
before the court where the defendant is domiciled;


- in company matters, before the court of the place of the head office;
- in matters of bankruptcy, before the court of the place of domicile or last
residence of the bankrupt;- in any other commercial matter
e, the applicant may, as desired, bring his or her
action, either before the court of the defendant's domicile, or before the court in whose jurisdiction the execution was to be carried out;- in matters of insurance, in all instances relating to the fixing and
regulation
ent of compensation due, before the court of domicile or residence
of the insured, or before the court of the place where the harmful event occurred,
unless, in the case of buildings or movables by nature, jurisdiction does not
be attributed, in this case, to the court of the location of the insured objects.


Territorial jurisdiction in social matters is
determined as follows:

1° In matters of employment and apprenticeship contracts, before the court of
situation of the establishment when the work takes place in an establishment or
that of the place where the engagement was contracted or executed for work outside
of the establishment
ent ;

2° In matters of social security, that of the defendant's domicile;
3° In matters of
accidents at work, this one in whose jurisdiction occurred
the accident.
However, when the accident occurred
it within the jurisdiction of a court other than
that in which the victim resides, he or his beneficiaries can opt
for the court of their residence;
4° In matters of occupational diseases, that of the worker's residence
or its beneficiaries.

Article 29: By way of derogation from the provisions of the last paragraph of the article
precedent, the court
pétent is:

- in matters of social security, that of Casablanca when the domicile of
the insured is located abroad;

- in terms of
accidents at work, if applicable, that of the victim's residence
or its beneficiaries when the
accident occurred outside Morocco;
- in matters of occupational diseases, if applicable, that of the place where the
declaration of the disease was filed when the dom
here of the worker or
its beneficiaries are located abroad.


Article 30: Warranty claims and other incidental requests,
interventions and counterclaims must be brought before the
court seized of the main application, except to this court, if
it appears, of all
obviously, that the request initiated was brought before him to translate the part
called outside its normal jurisdiction, to refer the plaintiff to better recourse.

Title III: Procedure before the courts of first instance


Chapter One: Introduction to instances

Article 31: (last paragraph, modified, D. n° 1-93-206 of September 10, 1993 - 22
rebia I 1414- art 2) The court of first
first instance
st entered, either by request
written and signed by the applicant or his representative, or by the declaration of the applicant appearing in person, the minutes of which are drawn up by one of the
sworn agents of the registry.This declaration is signed by the applicant or
mention is made that he cannot sign.
The matters are entered in a register for this purpose, in order of receipt and
date with indication of the names of the parties, as well as the date of the summons.

Immediately after registration of the application, the president of the court
designates, depending on the case, a reporting judge or a judge who will be responsible for the case.
Article 32: (last paragraph, m o
dified, D. n° 1-93-206 of September 10, 1993 - 22
rebia I 1414- art 2) Requests or minutes of declaration doi
wind
indicate the surnames, first names, position or profession, domicile or residence of the
defendant and plaintiff, as well as, where applicable, the name, position and address
of the applicant's representative;if one of the parties is a company, the request or
the report must indicate the company name, nature and headquarters of the
society.

These requests or minutes must, in addition, briefly state the purpose
of the request, the facts and means invoked
s ;the documents of which the applicant
possibly intended to be used must be annexed to the request.

If the request is made by written petition against several defendants, the
applicant must deposit as much
copies of the defendants involved.
The reporting judge or the judge in charge of the case specifies, where applicable, the
utterances omitted or missing
complete.

Article 33: The agent must be domiciled
ciliated within the jurisdiction.

The appointment of a representative constitutes the election of domicile with the latter.

The agent who does not enjoy
not, by profession, of the right of representation in
justice, can only be the spouse, a relative or ally in direct line or in
collateral line up
to the third degree inclusive.

Article 34: The agent other than one who, by profession, enjoys the right to
representation in court, must prove his mandate, either by authentic deed,
either by a private document, duly legalized, or by verbal declaration
of the com part p
appearing with him before the judge.


However, public administrations are validly represented in
justice, by one of their officials having received delegation for this purpose.


Article 35: The following cannot be admitted as agents of the parties:

1° The individual deprived of the right to testify in court;

2° One who has been irrevocably condemned either for a crime or for an offense of
forgery, theft, breach of trust, fraud, simple or fraudulent bankruptcy
use,
extortion or attempted extortion;

3° The professional agent who, by disciplinary measure, is deprived of the right
representation in court;

4° Dismissed adoul or notaries.

Article 36: The judge immediately summons, in writing, the applicant and the
defendant at the hearing on the day he indicates;the written summons
mentions:
1° The surnames, first names, professions, address or residence of the applicant and the
defendant;

2° The subject of the request;

3° The court which must rule;4° The day and time of the appearance;

5° Notice of having to make, if necessary, election of domicile instead of the seat of the
court.Article 37: The summons is transmitted either by one of the agents of the registry, or
by post by
be registered with acknowledgment of receipt, or by
administrative.
If the recipient resides in a foreign country, it is transmitted by
hierarchical to be routed through diplomatic channels, subject to
provisions provided for by diplomatic conventions.

Article 38: The summons is validly given, either to a person or to
domicile in the hands of parents, servants or any other person
living with destiny.

Residence, in the absence of a dom
here in Morocco, worth home.
The summons must be delivered in a closed envelope bearing only the first and last name.
customary and permanent of the party, the date of notification, followed by the signature of
the
agent and the seal of the court.
Article 39: A certificate is attached to the summons indicating to whom it was sent.
delivery and on what date;this certificate is signed either by the party or by the
person to whom delivery has been made to his or her home
here.If the one who receives the
summons cannot or does not want to sign the certificate, mention is made by
the agent or authority who ensures the delivery.This agent or authority signs, in
in all cases, the certificate and sends it to the court office.


If the delivery of the summons by the registry official or the administrative authority
n'
could be carried out, the part not having been
met, nor anyone for her, at
his domicile, or at his residence, mention is made on the certificate, which is returned to the registry of the court concerned.
This registry then sends the party the summons by registered mail.
with acknowledgment of receipt.If the party or person having authority has refused to receive the summons,
mention is made on the certificate.
The summons is considered to be validly notified on the tenth day which
follows the refusal opposed by the p a
rtie or the person entitled to receive for
she summons her.

The judge may, moreover, depending on the circumstances, extend the above deadlines.
planned and order a new summons.

In all cases where the domicile and residence of a party are unknown, the
judge appoints as curator an agent of the registry, to whom the summons is
notified.

This curator
research the party with the assistance of the public ministry and
administrative authorities and provides all parts and
useful information for
defense, without, however, the judgment being able, because of these productions,
be declared contradictory.

If the party whose domicile and residence are unknown becomes
discovery, the curator informs the judge who appointed him and notifies this party by
letter receipt
requested of the status of the procedure.His mandate ends
the completion of these formalities.
Article 40: There must be, between notification of the summons and the appointed day
for the appearance,
a period of five days if the party is domiciled or in
residence in the place where the court of first instance sits or in a
neighboring locality, and fifteen days if she is in any other place on
the territory of the Kingdom, on pain of nullity of the judgment which would be rendered by
defect.

Article 41: When the person who is summoned has neither domicile nor residence in the
falls under the jurisdiction of the Kingdom, the time limit for appearance is:
- if he lives in Algeria, Tunisia, or in a European state, two months;

- if he lives in another African State, in Asia or in America, three m
ois ;


- if he stays in Oceania, four months.

However, the ordinary deadlines are applicable, except for the judge to extend them,
to the summons given to anyone, in Morocco, again
that the party has neither
domicile or residence.

Chapter II: Hearings and judgments

Article 42: The judges of the court of first instance may sit all
days, except Sundays and public holidays.
On the day
xed by the summons, the parties appear in person or by
their m
andatrice.

Article 43: (amended, D. n° 1-93-206 of September 10, 1993 - 22 rebia I 1414-
art 2) Hearings are public unless the law
decides otherwise.
The president of the hearing has control over it;he can order that the debates
will take place behind closed doors if public order or
Good morals demand it.
The parties are required to explain themselves with moderation: If they
old
respect due to justice, the president may sentence them to a fine not exceeding
not sixty dirhams.

The president can always, in the event of trouble or scandal, order the expulsion
so many
a party or the agent representing it and any person present
at the hearing.If the persons whose expulsion is thus ordered resist or return, the
president may proceed, in accordance with the requirements of the Code of Procedure
criminal.

In the case of
insults or serious disrespects towards the court, the president of
the hearing draws up a report which is immediately transmitted to the prosecution for
be proceeded as in the case of flagrante delicto.

Article 44: (m
amended, D. n° 1-93-206 of September 10, 1993 - 22 rebia I 1414-
art 2) In the event that offensive, outrageous or defamatory speech is
held by m
agents who have, by profession, the right of representation in
justice, the president of the hearing draws up a report which he transmits to the public prosecutor's office,
and, if it is a lawyer, to the president of the order.

Article 45: (amended, D. n° 1-93-206 of September 10, 1993 - 22 rebia I 1414-
art 2) Are applicable before the courts of first instance the rules of the
written procedure applicable before the
court of appeal in accordance with articles
329, 331,332, 334, 335, 336, 342 and 344 below.

The attributions devolved by the articles cited to the Court of Appeal, at its first
president or the rapporteur advisor are exercised respectively by the
court of first instance, its president or the reporting judge.

However, the procedure is oral in the following cases:

- cases that the courts of first instance hear first and
last resort;
- alimony cases;
- business
ocial;
- pa business
payment and revision of rents;- civil status matters.


Article 46: The case is judged immediately or postponed until a later date.
hearing, the date of which can be immediately indicated to the parties and mention
is made at its most primitive.

Article 47: (Modified and com
plété L. n° 24-80 promulgated by D. n° 1-80-348, 6
May 1982 - 11 rejeb 1402, art.unique).- If the applicant or his representative,
regularly summoned, does not appear on the appointed date, the court may
, in
the absence of elements enabling it to rule on the request, decide the
removal of the case from the hearing list.


If during the two months following the decision to strike off the roll, the applicant
does not request the continuation of the examination of the case, the court orders the
cancellation of the instance in l
state.

If the court has the necessary elements to rule on the claims of the
applicant, he decides taking into account the said elements, by judgment
reputable
contradictory with regard to the applicant or his absent representative.

If the defendant or his representative, duly summoned, does not appear at the
appointed day, it is ruled by default unless it has not been affected by anyone and unless
the judgment is subject to appeal, in which case it is deemed contradictory to
towards defaulting parties.

However, if the judge is notified by a letter from one of the parties or by the notice
verbal which is given to him at the hearing by the parents, neighbor
ns or friends of this
party, that it was not affected by the summons addressed to its
home or is prevented from appearing due to absence,
serious illness or the performance of a public service, he may dismiss
the case to another hearing.

Article 48: If there are several defendants and one of them does not appear in court
person or by representative, the judge postpones the case to a future hearing;
he invites the parties again by a summons made according to the rules
established by articles 37, 38 and 39, to appear on the appointed day.He notifies them
at the same time that it will then be ruled by a single judgment deemed contradictory to
towards defaulting parties.

The decision rendered will, however, only be deemed contradictory with regard to the
parts affected to person or dom
here.
Article 49: The exceptions of lis pendens and connectedness, as well as the
exceptions for the purposes of inadmissibility must, on pain of inadmissibility, be
raised sim
ultaneously and before any defense on the merits.

The same applies to nullities and irregularities of form and procedure,
which can only be accepted by the judge if the interests of the party
were wronged s in f
has.


Article 50: (10th paragraph, modified, D. n° 1-93-206 of September 10, 1993 - 22
rebia I 1414- art 2) Judgments are
ndus in public hearing.They carry
the following title:
Kingdom of Morocco in the name of His Majesty the King



They include the name of the judge who made the decision, the public prosecutor, the case
where applicable, and the registrar, as well as in social matters, possibly the names of the
assessors.

They mention the surnames, first names, position or profession, address or residence
of the parties, as well as, if applicable, the numbers
ms, quality and domicile of the agents.

They specify the presence or absence of parties or the endorsement of certificates of
summons.


They contain m
ention of the hearing of the parties present or their
agents and the conclusions of the public prosecutor, if applicable.

They remind you of the idiots
illusions of the parties, the summary analysis of their arguments, the
visa of the documents produced and the legislative provisions which they apply.
Mention is made that the debates took place in public hearing or behind closed doors.
and that the judgment was rendered in public hearing.


They must always be m
otivated.


In the case of a contradictory decision and after noting the presence of
parties or their agents at the hearing, the clerk proceeds i
immediately to
notification of the decision which has just been rendered and provides the parties with a copy of the
device;mention of this notification and this delivery is made following the
judgment.In addition, the president, if the decision is subject to appeal, notifies the
parties or their representatives, that they have a period of thirty days from
of the decision to file an appeal.This warning is recorded by the clerk
on the judgment following notification.

The judgments are dated and signed as appropriate, by the president of the hearing,
e
judge-rapporteur and the registrar or by the judge in charge of the case and the registrar.

If, as a result of an impediment, the judge is unable to sign the
judgment, this one of which being, within twenty-four hours of the observation of
this impediment, by the president
of the court of first instance, after
mention, certified by the clerk that the judgment has been transcribed as it was
was rendered by the failing judge.

If the impediment comes from the president of the court, it is done in the same way, the signature being affixed by the most senior judge.
If the impossibility of signing comes from the clerk, it is sufficient for the judge to
make mention when signing.If the impediment comes from both the judge and the clerk, the case must return to
the hearing for further debates and judgment.

Article 51: (2° and 4° paragraphs, modified, D. n° 1-93-206 of September 10
ber 1993 -
22 rebia I 1414- art 2) Judgments are made by the clerk on the sheet
hearing and their date is mentioned in the register provided for in article 31.


The sheets are signed after each hearing by the president of the hearing and the
clerk.


They are periodically linked to form a register.

The documents which belong to the parties
are delivered against receipt, unless
that the court considers that some of these documents will remain annexed to the
folder.

Article 52: The ex
provisional execution of judgments of the courts of first
proceeding is subject to the provisions of the
section 147.
Article 53: A certified shipment of any decision is issued by
the clerk as soon as
it is required.

As soon as the decision is signed, a copy is attached to the file.


Article 54: Notification of a judgment is accompanied by a dispatch
duly certified as complying with this judgment.

It is transmitted and delivered under the conditions set out in articles 37, 38 and 39,
and, if he
acts as a notification to curator in the forms provided for by article
441.

Chapter III: Instructional measures


Section I: General provisions

Article 55: The judge may, either at the request of the parties or one of them, either
ex officio, order before ruling on the merits, an expertise, an
visit to the premises,
an investigation, a writing check or any other investigative measure.

The public prosecutor may attend all investigative measures ordered by
the court.

Article 56: (m
amended, D. n° 1-93-206 of September 10, 1993 - 22 rebia I 1414-
art 2) The reporting judge or the judge in charge of the case invites verbally or by
notice from the registry, sent by
registered letter, i.e. the party who requested one
investigative measures provided for in Article 55, i.e. the parties if they have been
agree to request the investigative measure or if it has been ordered
ex officio, to deposit at the court registry the sum of which he fixes the amount, to
as an advance for the payment of the costs necessitated by the prescribed measure, to
unless the parties or one of them have obtained the benefit of the assistance
judicial.

Failure to deposit this sum within the prescribed deadline
arti by the judge, it is
disregarded the judgment, and the request must give rise to the measure
prescribed instruction may be rejected.
Article 57: (amended, D. n° 1-93-206 of September 10, 1993 - 22 rebia I 1414-
art 2) The use of advances is made by the clerk under the supervision of the judge
rapporteur or judge responsible for the
affair.The advance of the sessions and the costs of
experts and witnesses cannot, under any circumstances, be made directly by the parties to the experts or witnesses.

Acceptance by an expert registered in the table of an advance thus made entails its
radiation.Article 58: The provisions of the preceding article are applicable to vacations
and interpreters' fees.
Section II: Expertise


Article 59: (amended, D. No. 1-00-345 of December 26, 2000-29 Radan 1421
wearing prom
ulgation of Law No. 85-00 - unique art) When the judge orders a
expertise, he appoints either ex officio or on proposals made in agreement by the
parties, the expert who will do so.In the absence of an expert registered on the roll, the judge may, exceptionally, appoint
an expert specifically for this dispute.In this case, the expert, at m o
ins that he
is exempted from this by the parties, ready before the judicial authority assigned to it
designated by the judge, the oath to well and faithfully fulfill its mission and to
give its opinion in complete impartiality and independence.

The judge determines the points on which the expertise will focus in the form of
technical questions excluding all points
s of law.


The expert must present a clear and determined response to any question
technical and he is prohibited from answering a question that does not fit into
his com
technical competence and which relates to the law.
Article 60: (amended, D. n° 1-00-345 of December 26, 2000-29 Ramadan 1421
relating to the promulgation of law n° 85-00- unique art) If the report is written, the judge
sets the deadline within which the expert will be required to report it
pose
.Upon submission of the report
at the registry, the registry secretariat notifies the parties for the purpose of taking a copy.

If the report is oral, the judge sets the date of the hearing at which the parties
dum
en summoned, the expert will make his report which will be recorded in a trial
independent verbal.

The parties may take a copy of the said minutes and present their conclusions, if applicable.

Article 61: (amended, D. No. 1-00-345 of December 26, 2000-29 Ramadan 1421 promulgating Law No. 85-00- single art) In the event that the expert has not
not happy with the m
ission entrusted to him within the set deadline or does not want
accomplish it, the judge appoints another in his place without summoning the parties.
The parties are immediately informed of the change of expert.
Without prejudice to disciplinary sanctions, the expert who does not fulfill his
mission or refusal of accom
bend without valid reason, may be sentenced to
reimburse the injured party for all financial costs and damages.He
may also be fined for the benefit of the Treasury.

Article 62: (amended, D. n° 1-00-345 of December 26, 2000-29 Ramadan 1421
promulgating Law No. 85-00 - single art) The expert appointed by
office by
the judge may be challenged for kinship or alliance with one of the parties, to the degree
first cousin included:

- if he has a dispute with one of the parties;

- if he was appointed in a field not falling within his competence;

- if he has already issued
is an opinion or provided testimony on the subject of the dispute;

- if he is an advisor to one of the parties
- for any other serious reason.
The expert may raise the grounds for challenge ex officio.
The request for recusal must
be presented within 5 days of the date
notification of the judicial decision appointing the expert.
The court rules on the request for recusal within 5 days of the date
of his presentation.The decision relating thereto can only be appealed against
the judgment
ent which rules on the merits of the dispute.


Article 63: (amended, D. No. 1-00-345 of December 26, 2000-29 Ramadan 1421 promulgating Law No. 85-00 - single art) The expert must convene the
parties and their advice to assist
er to expertise.The summons must
mention the date, place and time at which the expertise will be carried out and this
at least five days before the fixed date.

The expert can only carry out his mission in the presence of the parties to the dispute and of
their advice or after ensuring that they were duly summoned unless the
court decides otherwise when it finds that there is an emergency.

The expert records in a report attached to the report, the statements and
observations of the parties;they sign it with him, mentioning
obligatorily the one who refuses to sign.


The expert proceeds to his m
ission under the control of the judge who can, if he considers it useful,
assist in operations.Article 64: (modified, D. n° 1-00-345 of December 26
ber 2000-29 ramadan 1421
promulgating law no. 85-00- unique art) If the judge does not find in
the expert report the answers to the questions that
he asked the expert, he
orders the return of this report for the purposes of completing the mission.
He may also summon him ex officio or at the initiative of one of the parties to
attend the hearing to which all parties are summoned to provide the
explanations and necessary information
areas that will be recorded in a lawsuit
verbal information made available to the parties.

Article 65: (amended, D. n° 1-00-345 of December 26, 2000-29 Ramadan 1421
promulgating Law No. 85-00 - unique art) If during an expertise,
there is a need for verbal or written translation, the e
xpert is required to choose the interpreter
among those entered on the roll or to refer it to the judge.

Unless the judge has prohibited him from doing so, the expert may collect under
form of sim
p declarations that he will reproduce in his report, all
useful information, provided that the origin is mentioned.


Article 66: (amended, D. n° 1-00-345 of December 26, 2000-29 Ramadan 1421
promulgating Law No. 85-00 - single art) When the judge considers that
the expertise must not be carried out by a single expert, it appoints three experts or
even more depending on the circumstances of the case.

The experts proceed together
ble to their operations and prepare a single report.
In the event that they have different opinions, they indicate the opinion of each of them.
them and
the supporting reasons.The report is signed by all the experts.


The judge is not obliged to follow the opinion of the appointed expert and has the option of
appoint any other expert for the purpose of clarifying the technical aspects of the dispute.


Section III: Site visits



Article 67: When the judge orders, either ex officio or at the request of the parties
ies,
a visit to the premises, he fixes in his judgment the day and time on which he will be there
proceed in the presence of the parties or they are duly convened.When the parties
are present at the time of delivery of the decision, the judge may decide that the
visit will take place on-le-cham
p.
However, the postponement or resumption of the site visit may be granted
when one party cannot or will not have been able to be present on the appointed day for a m
otif
recognized as valid.
Article 68: If the purpose of the visit requires foreign knowledge
to the judge, he orders, by the same judgment, that an expert will attend the visit and
will give his opinion.

Article 69: The judge may, in addition, hear, during his visit, persons
that he designates and make in their presence the o p
erations that he considers useful.

Article 70: (amended, D. n° 1-93-206 of September 10, 1993 - 22 rebia I 1414-
art 2) A report is drawn up of the visit to the premises which must be signed according to the
case, by the president of the panel which carried out the visit and the registrar or by the
judge-rapporteur or the judge in charge of the case and the registrar.This report is
filed with the registry and made available to the parties.


Section IV: Investigations


Article 71: The investigation may be ordered on facts likely to be noted
by the witnesses and
have the verification appears admissible and useful for the instruction of
the affair.

Article 72: The judgment which orders the investigation indicates the facts on which it
must bear the day and time of the hearing where it is to be held.
It contains an invitation to
parties to have to present themselves and present their
witness
ins on the fixed days and time, or to make known to the clerk within the deadline of
five days, the witnesses they wish to be heard.

Article 73: The judge may also order that he will go to the scene and
will hear the witnesses
ins.
Article 74: The parties may either directly summon their witnesses by letter
recce
requested, or have them cited by the registry under the conditions provided for in the
Articles 37, 38 and 39. Article 75: Relatives or relatives cannot be heard as witnesses.
direct line or collateral line up to the third d
egre inclusively of
parties or their spouses, unless the law provides otherwise.


Also incapable of testifying are persons whom the law or a judicial decision has declared incapable of testifying.
to have witnesses in all acts and
file in court.Article 76: Witnesses are heard separately, both in the presence and in
the absence of the parties.

Each witness, before being heard, declares his or her last name, first name, profession, age.
and domicile, if he is a relative or relative of the parties and to what degree, if he is a servant
or in the service of one of them.


He makes, on pain of nullity, the oath to tell the truth.

Individuals who have not reached the age of sixteen are not eligible to lend
oath and can only be heard
for information.
The witnesses can be heard again and confronted with each other.
others.Article 77: The time limit given to witnesses to comment
appear is at least five
days between the delivery of the summons and the day of appearance, if the witness resides in the place where the court of first instance sits or in a locality
bordering, and fifteen days if he is in any other place on the
territory of the Kingdom.
Failing witnesses can be condemned, by judgment
not enforceable
notwithstanding opposition or appeal, to a fine which cannot exceed fifty
dirhams.
They can be cited again and if they are still defective, they are
sentenced to a fine which cannot exceed one hundred dirham
s.
However, in the event of a valid excuse, the witness may, after his testimony
we, the case
where appropriate, be discharged from the convictions pronounced against him.

Article 78: If the witness justifies that he is unable to appear at the
appointed day, the judge may grant him a delay or travel to receive his
deposition.

If the witness resides outside the jurisdiction, it can be done by commission
rogatory.Article 79: In the event of a proposed prosecution against a witness, it shall be decided
immediately;the judgment is not
subject to appeal or appeal
cassation, that at the same time as the decision on the merits and if the latter is
also likely to be subject to the same remedies.

Witnesses can be blamed, either because of their inability to
witness
igner, either for reasons of close relationship or for any other serious reason.

Article 80: Reproaches must be proposed before the deposition unless
the cause of the reproach is not revealed until
after this testimony.
In the latter case and if the accusation is admitted, the testimony is canceled.

Article 81: The witness testifies ora
slowly and cannot help himself with notes
only exceptionally and after authorization from the judge.

The judge
ut, either ex officio or at the request of the parties or one of them,
do to the witness
omit the questions that he believes are appropriate to shed light on his
deposition.

Article 82: The party cannot interrupt the testimony
neither in his testimony nor he
make no direct questioning.

The testimony is read to each witness and the witness signs it or
mention is made that
he does not know, cannot or does not want to sign.
Article 83: (amended, D. n° 1-93-206 of September 10, 1993 - 22 rebia I 1414- art 2) In all cases, the clerk draws up a report of the
hearing of
witnesses.This report is signed, depending on the case, by the reporting judge, the judge
responsible for the case or the president of the hearing, and annexed to the minutes of
judgment;it contains the statement of the day, place and time of the investigation, mentions
the absence or presence of the parties, the names, first names, professions and residences
witnesses, their oath, their declarations, if they are spouses, parents, allied servants or servants of the parties, the reproaches proposed, the depositions, the
mention of the reading which was made to the witnesses.
Article 84: The judge rules immediately after the investigation or refers the case to
a future hearing.

Section V: The oath of the parties


Article 85: When, to put a definitive end to a dispute, a party refers
the oath to his adversary to allow him to prove his
pretensions, or that the latter refers this oath to him, the said oath is taken to
the hearing by the party in person, in the presence of the other party or he duly
called.The pa
The party taking the oath must pronounce the words: “I swear before God.”
His oath is confirmed by the court.
Article 86: (m
amended, D. n° 1-93-206 of September 10, 1993 - 22 rebia I 1414-
art 2) In the event of an impediment
legitimate and duly recorded, the oath can be
loaned before a committed judge or a committed formation which goes to the
party, assisted by the registrar;in this case, the clerk draws up a report of
the completion of this formality.

If the party to whom the oath has been administered or referred resides in a very
remote, the court may order that she take an oath before the court of
first instance of the place of his domicile, which will give him acknowledgment of this oath
ent.

Article 87: In the event that the court, in the presence of a claim from a
party, considers that the proof of his claims has not been fully provided, he
can refer ex officio the ser
ment to this party by a judgment which sets out the
facts on which the oath will be taken.
This oath is taken in the forms and conditions provided for in article
previous.
Article 88: (modified, D. n° 1-93-206 of September 10
bre 1993 - 22 rebia I 1414-
art 2) The court may always, with the agreement of the parties, order that the
oath will be taken under conditions which bind religious convictions
of the one who lends it.

In the case of
such an agreement is given in the judgment which specifies the
facts on which the oath will be received, the time limit, the place and the conditions
d
accomplishment.


The oath is then taken in the presence of the other party or duly summoned, and
depending on the case, the judge appointed or the panel appointed and the clerk who
draws up a report of the completion of this formality.
Section VI: Verification of Writings and False Incident
Article 89: When a party denies the writing or signature attributed to it or
declares not to recognize this letter attributed to a third party, the judge can override it if he
believes that the m
oyen has no interest in the resolution of the dispute.

Otherwise, he initials the document and orders that a
verification of entries, both by titles and by witness
oins and, if necessary, by an expert.

The rules established for investigations and expert assessments are applicable to
verifications of entries.

Article 90: (last paragraph, m
amended, D. n° 1-93-206 of September 10, 1993 - 22
rebia I 1414- art 2) Parts that may be admitted
issed as parts of
comparison are in particular:
- signatures affixed to authentic documents;

- previously recognized writings and signatures;
- the part of the document to be checked which is not denied.
The com p parts
araison are initialed as the case may be, by the judge-rapporteur or
the judge in charge of the case.


Article 91: If it is proven by verification of writings that the document is written or
signed by the person who denied it, he is liable to a civil fine of one hundred to three
hundred dirhams
, without prejudice to damages and costs.
Article 92: When during a trial, a document produced is incidentally
argued as false by u
ne of the parties, the judge can overrule if he recognizes that the
decision does not depend on this part.

Otherwise, the judge summons the party who produced
t the room
declare whether it intends to use it or not.

If the summoned party declares that it renounces the use of the p i
argued theory of
false or if, within eight days of the summons, it makes no declaration,
this document is excluded from the trial.
Article 93: If the summoned party declares that he intends to use the room, the
judge stays ruling on the judgment on the main request.He orders the deposit
of the original document to the registry within a week;due to this deposit, the
party who invokes the coin is p
summary having renounced to avail itself of it.


Article 94: If the filing is made, the judge proceeds to examine the request
registration incident
we fake it.

Article 95: In the event that the document has not been produced in original, the judge invites
the q part
who intends to use it, to submit it to the court registry within the deadline
eight days.
Failure by this party to carry out the delivery of the document
n this deadline, it is
proceed as in the case where the party declares not to use the part.


Article 96: If the document claimed to be a forgery is currently in a public repository, the
judge orders the public depositary to deliver this minute to the registry
of the court
.
Article 97: (amended, D. n° 1-93-206 of September 10, 1993 - 22 rebia I 1414-
art 2) Within eight days of rem
is filed at the registry of the document claimed to be forged and if it
is necessary, from the minute, the reporting judge or the judge in charge of the case initials the
exhibit or this minute, in the presence of the parties or they duly called in
to assist in the drafting of the minutes.

The reporting judge or the judge in charge of the case may, depending on the circumstances,
order that a report be drawn up first of the state of the expedition, without
wait for the
contribution of the minute of the state of which it is then drawn up
verbal separately.

The report contains mention and description of erasures, overprints,
line spacing and other similar circumstances
gender;it is drawn up in the presence of the
public prosecutor;it is initialed as the case may be, by the reporting judge or the judge
responsible for the case, the magistrate of the public prosecutor's office and by the parties present or
their agents.In the event that the parties or one of them does not want or
know how to sign, this is mentioned in the minutes.


Article 98: Immediately after drawing up the report, the procedure is
for the administration of proof of forgery, as stated in articles 89 and 90.
The judge then rules on the existence of the forgery.

The plaintiff who succumbs
be liable to a fine of five hundred to one thousand
five hundred dirham
s, without prejudice to s damages and legal proceedings
criminal.If the existence of a forgery is established and if there are elements allowing it to be
identify the author, the pieces are transmitted to the m
public prosecution by application
of the Code of Criminal Procedure.
Article 99: When the judgment, ruling on the false entry, orders
either the removal, the laceration in whole or in part, or the reformation or the
recovery of p
documents declared false, the execution of this count is suspended
of the judgment as long as the convicted person is within the time limit for appealing, in
withdrawal or cassation, as well as during the course of these procedures, at
unless he has formally acquiesced in the judgment or withdrawn from his
recourse.

Article 100: When the judgment orders the restitution of the documents produced, it
is also suspended from
execution of this head in the cases specified in article
precedent, unless otherwise ordered at the request of the
interested individuals or public depositaries.

Article 101: As long as the documents claimed to be forgeries remain deposited at the court registry, no copy of them may be issued, except by virtue of
a
judgment.
Article 102: If independently of the request for false registration, the
criminal court is seized by primary means, the civil ruling is suspended
until after the decision of the criminal judge.


Chapter IV: Incidents, Intervention, Resumptions of Proceedings
and Disclaimer


Section I: Implicatement

Article 103: When one of the parties requests to implicate a third party as
guarantor or for any other reason, the party called in question is summoned in
the conditions set by articles 37, 38 and 39.
He is granted sufficient time, as
taking into account the circumstances of the case,
from the place of his home or residence, to communicate
appear in court.

This indictment may be made until the case is deliberated.
However, if at least
ment where it intervenes, the original request is in a state of
receive judgment, the plaintiff may obtain such judgment in accordance with the
provisions of article 106.

Article 104: The same procedure is followed when the guarantor involved appeals to a
other under warranty.
Article 105: The guarantor is required to
intervene before the court where the request
origin is pending, even if
he denies being a guarantor;failing which, it will be ruled
by default towards him.
If the guarantor takes the fact and cause of the guarantor
ti, this one can be exonerated
upon his request unless the original applicant requires that he remain in
the case for the preservation of his rights.


Article 106: If the original and guarantee claims are ready to be judged
at the same time p
s, the judge will rule on all the procedures jointly;
in the event that the original request is in status, without the same being true of
the guarantee request, the original plaintiff may have his request judged separately, the judge ruling subsequently, if necessary, on the guarantee request.
Article 107: Judgments rendered against the guarantor, who took responsibility for the
guaranteed, are enforceable against the guarantor, even if
is out of the question, in case
insolvency of the guarantor.

Article 108: When a defendant is called before the court in a capacity
as heir of a deceased person, sufficient time to present his defense to the
merit is, upon his request, granted by the judge, by noting you com
pte of
circumstances of the case.

Section II: Litispe ndance and Connectedness


Article 109: If a request has previously been made in another court
for the same object or if the dispute is related to a case already pending
in another court, the transfer may be ordered at the request of the parties or of
one of them.
Article 110: The junction due to the
ur connectivity, pending instances
before the same court is pronounced, at the request of the parties or one
of them, conform
in accordance with the provisions of article 49.


Section III: Voluntary Intervention and Resumption of Proceedings

Article 111: Requests for voluntary intervention are admissible
issed on the part of
those who have an interest in the dispute initiated.Article 112: In the event of an appeal from a third party, the judge may either rule
separately on the main application, if it is in a state of
be judged, either
send back to rule jointly on this request and on that of appeal in
cause.
Article 113: Intervention and other incidental requests cannot be
delay the judgment of the main request
pale when this one is in a state of being
judged.
Article 114: Death or a change in the capacity of the parties cannot
delay the judgment of a case
e if it is in a state to be judged.
Article 115: When a case is not ready to be judged, the judge, as soon as the
death or
a modification in the capacity of one of the parties is brought to its
knowledge, invites verbally or by notice addressed under the conditions provided
in articles 37, 38 and 39, those who have the capacity to resume the proceedings,
perform this recovery.


Article 116: Failure by those who were thus warned to have resumed the proceedings within the fixed time limit, the judgment is disregarded.
Article 117: Resumptions of
proceedings take place in the manner provided for in article
31 for the introduction of proceedings.
Article 118: In the absence of an express declaration, the authority is held to
recovery with those who have the right to take it back, by their com
publication at
the hearing where the case is called.

Section IV: Withdrawal

Article 119: Withdrawal may be made by written act or recorded declaration.
in the minutes, mentioning that the party waives the
instance that she
initiated principally or incidentally or to the action brought by it before the judge
on the merits of the law.
The withdrawal of proceedings does not entail the waiver of the party on the merits of the
right.The withdrawal of the action entails the extinction of the right to act in relation to the
claim before the judge.Article 120: Withdrawal of
authority is admitted in all matters.The
withdrawal of
action can only take place if it relates to a right to which it is
permitted to waive and which the party had available.

Article 121: The judge acknowledges the parties' agreement regarding the
withdrawal.This measure cannot be subject to any appeal.

In cases where the opposing party
opposes the withdrawal whether it is legal or
of action, either because it has filed a counterclaim, or for
any other cause, the judge rules on the validity of the withdrawal by a judgment
subject to appeal.


Article 122: Withdrawal, when accepted or declared valid by the judge,
take away, please
in law, consent that things be reestablished at the same time
state that s
There had been no proceedings.
Article 123: Any withdrawal implies the agreement of the party who has withdrawn
pay costs, which may be recovered by any legal means.

Chapter V: Costs

Article 124: Any party who loses, whether an individual or
a
public administration, is ordered to pay the costs.

The costs may, due to the circumstances of the case, be compensated
all or in part.Article 125: The amount of liquidated costs is mentioned in the judgment which
rule on the dispute, unless
it was not possible to carry out the liquidation before the
judgment has been rendered.In the latter case, the liquidation of costs is made
by order of the judge which remains annexed to the procedural documents.
Article 126: If the costs include the fees and expenses of an expert or an
interpreter, a dispatch of the tax order is referred for execution by the
clerk and delivery and t r
delivered under the conditions provided for in articles 37, 38 and
39 to the expert or interpreter.

The amount of the sum remaining due after advance payment is indicated, if there is
takes place, upon dispatch of the order.
For the payment of the said sum, all parties are debtors to the
regard to
the expert or the interpreter, except for the latter not to sue the parties not
ordered to pay costs only in the event of insolvency of the condemned party.

Article 127: The expert, the interpreter and the parties may, within ten days
date of notification of the tax order, object to this tax
in front of the president of the first tribe
1st instance.

The order rendered on this opposition is not subject to appeal.

Article 128: If a witness requires a fee, the procedure is as in paragraph
first of article 126.

Article 129: The parties may object to the liquidation of costs
before the court of first
first instance, within ten days of notification of the
judgment or order fixing the amount of liquidated costs, if the
Judgment on the merits is the last resort.

The order rendered on this opposition is not subject to appeal.

If the judgment on the merits is subject to appeal, the parties cannot contest the
liquidation of costs only by way of
call.
Chapter VI: Of the Opposition

Article 130: Default judgments of the court of first instance, but
only when
they are not subject to appeal, can be attacked by
opposition within the period of ten days from the date of the notification which is made in accordance with article 54.

The act of notification must indicate to the party that after the expiry of the said period,
she will be deprived of the right to form an opposition.
Article 131: The
opposition is formed and the summons to the hearing of the
asked
r original is made according to the rules established by articles 31, 37,
38 and 39. Article 132: (amended, D. n° 1-93-2 06 of September 10, 1993 - 22 rebia I 1414-
art 2) The opposition suspends the
execution unless ordered
otherwise by the judgment which ruled by default.In this case, if the party
condemned person makes the request, the chamber of the council rules in advance on the
defense with provisional execution in accordance with the provisions of article 147.
Article 133: The opposing party who allows himself to be judged a second time by
default is not received to form a new opposition
ion.



Chapter VII: Of the Call

Article 134: Appeal is legal in all cases which are not formally
excepted by law.
Appeals from the judgments of the courts of first instance must be heard
me in the
period of thirty days.

This period runs from the notification to the person or real or elected address
or notification to the hearing when
it is provided for by law.
The time limit runs with respect to the person at whose request the judgment was notified, from
day of this notification.

Notification, even without reservation, does not imply acquiescence.

The die
appeal period and the appeal lodged within the legal period are suspensive, unless
that provisional execution has been ordered under the conditions provided for in
section 147.

Article 135: The
respondent may file an incidental appeal in any event,
even if he notified the judgment
nt without reservation.Any call caused by the call
principal is likewise admissible in any event;however, he cannot, in
in any case, delay the solution of the main appeal.

Article 136: The appeal deadlines are tripled in favor of parties who have neither
domicile or residence
in the Kingdom.

Article 137: The appeal deadlines are suspended by the death of one or the other of the
parties, for the benefit of the heirs.They only resume their course at
expiration of the
fortnight following notification of the judgment made to the heirs, at the domicile of the
deceased, in the forms prescribed in article 54.

This notification may be made to heirs and legal representatives
collectively and without designation of names and qualities.
Article 138: In the case provided for in Article 137, notification of the notice of appeal
may be made in the forms and to the persons indicated in said article, but
the caller can only follow up on his call after notification has been delivered to everyone
heirs and legal representatives and at their home.

Article 139: If it occurs during the appeal period, a change in the
capacity of the
one of the parties, the time limit is suspended and does not start running again
that fifteen days after notification of the judgment to those who have standing to
receive this notification.

Article 140: Preliminary judgments cannot be appealed
that at the same time
s as the judgments on the merits and within the same time limits.The
appeal request must formally target, not only the judgment on the merits,
but also the preliminary judgments against which the appellant intends to oppose
provide.
Article 141: The appeal is filed at the registry of the court of first instance whose jurisdiction
judgment is challenged.The filing of the request with the registry is recorded in a special register;the request,
as well as the documents which are attached, are transmitted
ised free of charge to the registry of the
court which must rule.

The clerk issues a receipt to the parties who request it;a copy
bearing the registry stamp serves as a receipt.
Article 142: The request must contain the surname, first name, position or profession,
dom
here or residence of the plaintiff and the defendant, as well as the name, position
and domicile of the applicant's representative, if applicable.It indicates, if it is a
company, the company name, nature and headquarters of this company.She must
state the subject of the request, the facts and the means invoked;the parts of which
the applicant intends to use are attached to the application.
As many certified copies must be annexed to this request.
by the
plaintiff that there are parties involved.
When no copies are produced or the number of copies is not equal to
that of the p a
rties in question, the applicant is invited by the registry to
produce these copies within ten days.After this period, the First President of the Court of Appeal places the case on the list for a hearing which he fixes.
and the court orders the cancellation.

The appellant must also produce in support of his request, a copy of the
contested judgment, but it is necessary to produce this document, it will be
claimed by
r the clerk at the court office from which the judgment emanates.
Article 143: No new request may be made in connection with an appeal.
less than
it is not a question of compensation or that the new demand is not
defense to the main action.
The parties may also request interest, arrears, rent and other
accessories expired since the judgment appealed against and damages
for the harm suffered since this judgment.

A request arising directly from
the original request and tending to the same ends, although based on
causes or m
different motives.
Article 144: No intervention is valid except on the part of those who
would have the right to form a third party opposition.
Article 145: If the judgment
nt is confirmed, execution belongs to the court whose
the judgment
nt is called upon.
If the judgment is reversed, execution belongs either to the court of appeal or
to the court indicated by it, except in cases where special provisions
would designate another jurisdiction.


Article 146: When it cancels or invalidates
e the decision appealed from, the court
must discuss whether the case is ready to be judged.


Chapter VIII: Provisional Execution

Article 147: Provisional execution notwithstanding opposition or appeal, must be
ordered without security if there is authentic title, recognized promise or
condemn
previous nation from which there was no appeal.
Provisional execution can always be ordered, with or without security,
depending on the circumstances of the cause, which must be specified.

However, defenses with provisional execution may be formed by request
distinct from the main action, before the court seized, or from the opposition,
or of the call.

As soon as it is seized of this request which must not be joined to the merits, the
jurisdiction summons the parties for debates and judgment before the chamber of
council, before which they can present their oral observations or
written.The court must rule in the
period of thirty days.
The judges can either reject the request or prohibit execution until
the decision on the merits, or order that the proceedings will be suspended
execution during a
time that they set or that the provisional execution will not be continued for the
all or only part of the conviction that is charged by the
applicant for execution to provide security.

They may also authorize the convicted party to deposit it with the registry that
they
designate or in the hands of a third party appointed for this purpose, by agreement of the parties, the
sufficient cash to guarantee the amount of the sentences handed down in
main.The deposit of the said deposit carried out carries special allocation
for the benefit of the pursuing party.

The deposit is released upon the final decision on the merits.

When execution takes place automatically, the provisions of paragraphs 3, 4, 5, 6 and
7 of this article are not applicable.

Title IV: Emergency Procedures.Order to Pay Procedure


Chapter One: Orders on Motion and Findings

Article 148: The presidents of the courts of first instance are alone
comp
able to rule on any request for the purpose of ordering findings,
summons or other emergency measures in any matter whatsoever no
provided for by a special provision and not prejudicial to the rights of the parties.
They respond by order issued without the presence of the parties and without
the assistance of the registrar, with the responsibility of referring it to them in the event of difficulty.


In the event of rejection of the request, except in matters of finding or summons,
the
order rendered is subject to appeal within fifteen days of its
pronounced.This appeal is brought before the Court of Appeal.
When the president is unable to act, he is replaced by the most senior judge.
The
Registry officer responsible for a summons or report draws up a report
verbal in which he succinctly mentions the words and observations of the
possible defendant or his representative.This report may, upon request
nde of the party who requested the summons or report, be notified to any
interested party who can have a shipment issued in any case.


When the required observation can only be usefully made by a man of
art, an expert responsible for doing it
may be designated by the judge.
Chapter II: Referrals

Article 149: Apart from the cases provided for in the preceding article where the president of the
trial court may be app
elected to rule as summary judge,
this magistrate is the only one competent to know, in this same capacity and always
by virtue of urgency, of all the difficulties relating to the execution of a
judgment or an enforceable title, or to order a sequestration, or
any other precautionary measure, whether or not the dispute is initiated, before the judge
from the bottom.

In the event of duly noted impediment of the president, the functions of judge of
summary proceedings are exercised by the most senior judge.
If the dispute is submitted to the court of
appeal, these same functions are exercised by the
First
1st president of this court.
The days and times for summary proceedings are set by the president.
Article 150: Outside the days and times indicated for summary proceedings, the request
can, if there is extreme urgency, be presented to the judge
s referred, either to the headquarters of
the jurisdiction and before registration in the register kept at the registry, or even at its
home.The judge immediately sets the day and time on which the decision will be made.


He can rule even on Sundays and public holidays.

Article 151: Except in cases of extreme urgency, the judge orders the summons of
the opposing party under the conditions provided for in articles 37, 38 and 39.

Article 152: Interim orders only rule provisionally and without
prejudice to what will be decided on the merits.

Article 153: Interim orders are provisionally enforceable.The judge
may, however, make its execution subject to the production of a bond
ent.

In cases of absolute necessity, the judge can order the execution of his
minute order.

These orders are not subject to opposition.
ion.

Except in cases where the law decides otherwise, the appeal must be made in the
fortnight of the notification of the gold grant.It is judged to
emergency.
Notification is made in accordance with the provisions of Article 5
4.
However, when the parties are present at the time of the pronouncement, the
notification is made to them verbally at this time;their presence and
observation of this notification are mentioned in the order.
Article 154: The emergency judge may, depending on the case, rule on costs or
even order that they will be reserved to be joined to the costs on the merits.
The minutes
summary orders are filed with the registry and it is
formed a special register.
Chapter III: The Procedure
Order to Pay
Article 155: Any request for payment of a sum of money greater than
thousand dirham
s, due by virtue of a title or a recognized promise, can be
subject to the order for payment procedure, under the conditions determined below
after.

Article 156: The court of first instance is seized under the conditions
provided for in Title III above.

The request includes the surnames, first names, profession and address of the parties,
the precise indication of the amount requested and its cause.

In support of this request, the title justifying the validity of the claim must be produced.

Article 157: The request is not admissible if the notification must have linked
had to
abroad or if the debtor does not have a domicile
here known in the territory of
Kingdom.

Article 158: The president of the court of first instance has sole jurisdiction
to hear requests for an order for payment.

If the debt appears to him to be justified under the strict conditions of article 155, he
issues, at the bottom of the application, an order granting the request and
condemn
ant the debtor to payment and costs.

Otherwise, it rejects the request by a reasoned decision and
returns the dem
andor to refer the matter to the court following the forms of common law.

This rejection decision is not subject to any appeal.
Article 159: Requests for payment orders are registered on their date
at the registry of the court seized, in a special register;mention must be made
nouns, profession
on and domicile of creditors and debtors, from the date of
the order provided for in article 158 admitting or rejecting the request, in the amount
and the cause of the claim, the date of the appeal if it is filed.
Article 160: The sentencing decision is notified to the defendant who must,
within eight days of this notification, pay the mo
nt of the conviction,
under penalty of being forced to do so by any legal means, in particular by way of
seizure of its movable property.

Article 161: The act of notification contains, with an extract from the request, the title
of debt and the order, summons to the debtor to pay the amount
total claim and costs which must be specified.Notice is also given to him
that if he has means of defense to assert, both on the competence and on the
merits, he must, within eight days, take up the appeal in accordance with the
forms provided for in Title III above, failing which the order will become
enforceable.
Article 162: If, within eight days of notification to any person or
domicile, the debtor has not complied with the request or appeal statement, the
prescription
becomes automatically enforceable immediately.

When the debt is caused by a bill of exchange, the order produces all
the effects of
u protest against these holders and endorsers.


Article 162 bis.(established, art 1; law n° 19-02 promulgated by Dahir n° 1-02-
109 of June 13, 2002-1st rabii II 1423. (B.O of August 15, 2002)

By way of derogation from the provisions
ions of articles 161 and 162 above, the appeal period
and the
appeal itself does not suspend the execution of the injunction order
to pay a debt caused by commercial instruments or securities
authentic, rendered by the president of the court of first instance.


However, the court of appeal may, by reasoned judgment, partially suspend or
totally execution.
Date of entry into force: 30 days after the date of publication in the Bulletin
official in Arabic No. 5029 of 3 Jumada Il 1423 (August 12, 2002).


Article 163: If the appeal is rejected, the
ordering this product to its full and complete effect and
becomes automatically enforceable.
Article 164: If the court considers that the appeal had a purely dilatory aim,
she
must pronounce against the debtor a civil fine which cannot be less than
10% of the amount of the debt, nor more than 25% of this amount for the benefit of the
Treasure.

Article 165: The order and judgment may stipulate payment deadlines in
favor of the debtor.


Title V: Special Procedures


Chapter One: Possessory Actions

Article 166: Possessory actions can only be brought by one who,
by himself or by others, has for a long time
year, at least, peaceful possession,
public, continuous, uninterrupted, non-precarious and unequivocal of a
immovable or a real immovable right.

However, in the case of dispossession by force or violence, it is sufficient that
the applicant justifies that
he had, during the violence or assault, the
material possession, current peaceful and public.
Article 167: Possessory actions, whether exercised
in the main or
in the form of a counterclaim,
are only admissible to the extent that they
were formed in the year following the first act of disorder which contradicts the
possession.Article 168: If possession or disturbance is denied, the investigation which will be ordered
cannot relate to the substance of the right, which can only be the subject of an action
petition for recognition of
a real property right.

However, the judge can examine the titles and documents produced and draw from them all
useful consequences from the point of view of possession.
Article 169: The petitioner in the petition is no longer admissible to act in the possessory
unless
he is not disturbed in his possession after introduction of his
proceeding to the petitioner.
Article 170: In the event that the plaintiff and the defendant both issue
claims to claimed possession and where all of
They report proof of
possessory facts, the judge can either maintain them concurrently in possession,
either establish a receiver, or give custody of the disputed real estate to one
or to the other party, responsible for accounting for the fruits, if applicable.


Chapter II: Payment Offers and Deposit
Article 171: When a creditor refuses to receive the object that his debtor or
a third party acting on his behalf offers to deliver to him in execution of
an obligation
expired, the debtor sends him a summons under the conditions provided for in article 148
to have to receive payment.

Article 172: Offers are made by one of the agents of the registry of the court seized of the main request or, in the absence of authority, by one of the agents of the
jurisdiction co
competent by reason of the domicile or residence of the person to whom
they are made, or from the place of payment.
Article 173: Any offer report mentions the response, refusal or
the acceptance of the creditor;he indicates whether he signed, refused to sign or declared
cannot or does not know how to sign.In the event of refusal, it further mentions that the
crean
cier was invited to attend the recording and specifies the place, day and
the time when she must be operated on.

Article 174: If the creditor refuses the offers, the debtor may, to free himself,
record the amount or thing offered, without it being necessary for validity
of the consignment, that
it was authorized by the judge.

Article 175: The deposit made by the debtor who wishes to be released in the event
refusal of offers by the creditor, is made to the court registry
territorially co mp
extension.
If there is material difficulty in registering the thing offered at the registry, the jurisdiction
action
summary proceedings designates, at the request of the debtor, the person who is constituted
depositary or guardian.
Article 176: The application which can be brought, either for validity or for nullity
offers or consignment, is formed according to the rules established for
dem
main andes;if it is incidental, it is attached to the bottom.


Article 177: The judgment which declares the offers valid orders, in the event that
the consignment has not yet taken place, because the creditor has failed to have received the
sum or thing offered, it will be recorded;he pronounces the cessation of
interest from the day of consignment.
Article 178: Oppositions which have been or will be notified to the depositing debtor
subsist notwithstanding the consignation, whether voluntary or ordered, but
the effects are transferred to the consignee, borne by the depositing debtor
to denounce him.


Chapter III: Procedures in Matters of Personal Status


Section I: Device
General ons


Article 179: (Supplemented, L. n° 9-78 promulgated by D. 1-78-952, April 18, 1979 -
20 Jum Ada I 1399, Art.unique, Dahir por tant law n° 1-93-346 of September 10
bre
1993- 22 rebia I 1414): Are applicable in matters of personal status the
provisions of Title III and Chapters I and II of Title IV, in that they do not
are not contrary to the provisions of this chapter.

It is decided in the form of summary proceedings on the requests for alimony.The
decisions in this matter are enforceable on m
inute and notwithstanding any way
of appeal.

Pending a decision on the merits of the pension request
maintenance, the judge may, within the time limit
one month from the date of
request, order the award to those entitled to alimony
provisional, taking into account the merits of the said request and the evidence
provided in support.This judgment is executory before registration and in view
of an expedition.Before authorizing the divorce, the judge is required to make an attempt to
conciliation between the spouses, by all means that he considers appropriate, in particular
by dispatching two arbitrators for this purpose.

They must ensure
er the causes of the disagreement between the two spouses and
deploy their efforts towards conciliation.

In the event of conciliation, the two arbitrators record the agreement in the report they
soum
go to the judge;otherwise, they mention the causes of the
disagreement in their report.

When the judge authorizes the repudiati on, he sets the amount of the bond that
the husband must deposit with the fund
u trib unal;this deposit must take place before the
reception by the adouls of the declaration of repudiation;this bond is intended to guarantee the execution of the obligations provided for in the following paragraph.


When the judge approves an act of repudiation, he automatically issues a
order by which he fixes
the wife's alimony during the
continence retreat, the place where this retreat is carried out, the gift of consolation
owed to the wife assessed taking into account the possible harm suffered by her, if the
repudiation is not justified, the order also fixes the payment of
arrears of dowry, child support and regulates the right to
visit from father.This order is immediately enforceable and is not subject to
of no recourse.

It is up to the party who considers itself wronged by this order to take action
jurisdiction in the ordinary forms.
Article 180: When the judge is seized of a procedure, he summons
immediately the p
parties to a hearing.
At this first hearing, the parties must appear in person or by
their legal representative and there is always a
e attempt at conciliation.

If this conciliation occurs, the judge immediately renders a judgment
noting the agreement, which puts an end to the dispute, is enforceable and is not subject to
of no recourse.


Section II: Guardianship

Article 181: The organization and operation of guardianships are governed by the
provisions below.

Article 182: The functions of guardianship judge are exercised by a judge of the
court of first instance, appointed for three years, by order of the m
minister of the
justice.Article 183: When a person dies, the local authority of the place of death is
required to notify the guardianship judge of the deceased's domicile, within five
days, specifying if there are any heirs m
iners, to allow
possibly the opening of guardianship.The same obligation is made to the guardian
testamentary.

Article 184: Any opening of guardianship gives rise to the establishment of a file
in court
of first instance and registration in a special register kept
this effect.

Article 185: Upon receipt of the death notice, the competent guardianship judge
orders the establishment of an act of notoriety mentioning the
identity of all
heirs and specifying the age of minor heirs.

If the deceased has appointed a testamentary guardian, mention is made of this in the deed of
notoriety.

In the absence of
testamentary guardian, the judge appoints one or more dative guardians and,
where applicable, a substitute guardian.Article 186: The guardianship judge must immediately take all measures
appropriate to have the testamentary or dative guardian proceed with the
following operations: 1° Make an inventory of the property of the m
ineur, in the presence of two adults whom he
designates;2° Keep the furniture after valuation or sell it, in the best interests
of the minor;

3° If necessary, arrange for sharing or auctioning;

4° Fix, conform
ment to the law, alimony for minors and
people he is responsible for
and determine, where applicable, at the request of the
guardian and by reference to custom, the salary due to him;

5° Deposit with the Caisse de dépôt et de gestion, in the name of the minor, all sums
money made, as well as documents,
titles, jewelry which the judge will have estimated
the necessary deposit.No withdrawal can be made without the authorization of the
judge;

6° Determine the income generated by the administration of the minor's property.

Any element of the
estate assets discovered after closing of the inventory must
be declared to the judge and be the subject of an additional mention in the report
of
inventory.

Article 187: The testamentary or datum guardian must keep a register which includes,
with their date, all the acts he carried out on behalf of the minor.

Article 188: The dative or testamentary guardian must present to the guardianship judge
an annual account, supported by all supporting documents
catives, via
two accountants appointed by the judge.These two accountants are filing a lawsuit
verbal which is transcribed by the clerk in the register kept by the guardian.This register
is given to the judge for verification and transcription in the designated register
in article 184;after which it is returned to the testamentary or dative guardian.

Article
189: The guardianship judge authorizes the guardian to perform the acts
requiring prior authorization.

If the
agreement of the judge concerns a contract, this contract must be established by two
adoul, who note the agreement of the j u
age.
The guardianship judge is competent to approve guardianship accounts and to
replacement of tutors
s dative, testamentary or subrogated guardians of the
request from these tutors themselves or from any interested person.

Article 190: The guardianship judge exercises general supervision over the
functioning of the supervisory authorities within its jurisdiction.

He may, at the request of the King's prosecutor at the court of first instance,
take the necessary measures, even against the legal guardian, and, in particular,
summon the guardians to ask them for clarification
ents on the acts they
were able to make, send them observations, order them to take, in the interest of minors, certain measures.

He can even, either automatically or at the request of the minor himself
even, require
all tutors at any time, producing an account
administration of the minor's property, with all the necessary justifications.

Article 191: When the guardianship judge finds that funds belonging to the
minor are available, he orders payment i
immediately to the Caisse
deposit and management, to the minor's current account, until they can
be invested in the interest of the latter.

Article 192: The provisions of articles 186 and 188 are not applicable
when the assessed amount of the estate does not exceed ten m
ille dirhams.

However, the judge is required to open a file which includes the justifications
establishing that the estate does not exceed the indicated value, and a trial
verbal, drawn up by the secretary-registrar, signed by him and by the judge, bearing
evaluation of this succession and determining the share and identity of the m
iners and
their address, as well as that of the people in charge and management
from this part.The judge must check that this share is used for the needs
minors.

Article 193: When the testamentary or dative guardian refuses to return the
accounts or to record the remainder of the sums he holds, the judge
guardianships, ap
rs a formal notice which remained without effect for more than a month,
may order a precautionary seizure on the property of this guardian or place them
under sequestration, or set a penalty.He can also, after hearing his
explanations, revoke him, either ex officio or at the request of the King's prosecutor
the court of first instance or an interested person.


Article 194: The guardianship judge, seized by request, rules on any request
of emancipation of the minor, as well as on the granting of authorization to the minor not
emancipated, to allow him to
carry out acts relating to its property.
This authorization may be revoked, either automatically or at the request of the guardian.
Article 195: The guardianship judge may appoint a provisional guardian.

Article 196: The orders of the guardianship judge, excluding those
rendered by application of article 193, are not likely to be
call.

If this appeal is admissible, it is brought before the court of appeal.The
call
is not suspensive, except in matters of revocation of guardian.
The Court of Appeal rules in chambers, after hearing the public prosecutor.
Section III: Of the Prohibition
Article 197: The insane, the weak-minded and the prodigal may be placed under
guardianship at the request of any interested person or of the King's prosecutor.
The request is brought before the court of first
first instance of their home.

Article 198: The judge must, to pronounce the ban, base himself on all
legal means of proof.

The lifting of the
ban is ordered under the same conditions and following the
same procedure.

Article 199: The supervision of the prohibited is organized in accordance with the rules
enacted in Section II for the guardianship of m
ineurs.


Article 200: The judgment pronouncing the ban is displayed in extract at
court for a period of fifteen days.The same is true of the decision
lifting this ban.In addition, the judge may decide that these
publications may be made in another place likely to fulfill the
advertising conditions that
he considers it necessary.


Section IV: The Sale of Movable Objects Belonging to Incapable Persons

Article 201: The guardianship judge authorizes the guardian to sell amicably and
mi
them of the interests of his minor, the movable property belonging to him, if
their value does not exceed two thousand dirhams.
In this case, the judge must, before giving his authorization, check whether the price
proposed is in relation to the value of the furniture.These must be
e estimated
s
by an expert designated by him, if necessary, for this purpose, in order to ensure that the
The price offered is not tainted by fraud or damage to the detriment of the minor.


Article 202: If the amicable sale cannot take place or if the value of the furniture
exceeds two thousand dirham
s, a sale is carried out, through the registry,
at public auction.Auctions take place at the nearest public market or wherever they are
judged to produce the best result.The date and location of the auction are
brought to the attention of the public by all means of advertising deemed
appropriate in relation to the value of the goods.

The sale is carried out by a registry agent reporting to the guardianship judge,
under the control of this magistrate;the object of
the sale is awarded to the highest bidder,
at the scheduled place and date.The auctions take place after the expiration of a period of eight days from the date
of publication of the
notice of sale, unless the furniture is exposed to
dangers of depreciation or price fluctuations.In this case, the judge can
reduce the delay from day to day and even from hour to hour.
The starting price is set by an expert appointed by the judge for this purpose.
The purchaser must pay the price and costs immediately;the
object is not given to him
only against cash payment.

In the absence of payment, he is ordered to pay without delay.
If he does not respond to this summons, the
item is put back on sale at its expense and
risks.The defaulting buyer is liable for payment of the difference between the price he
had consented and that reached by the surrender
e on sale, if it is lower, without
be able to claim the surplus if there was any.

Article 203: When third parties claim to be owners of the furniture placed
sale, this is not continued
life until it is decided as soon as possible by the
guardianship judge, in the event that the request for distraction is accompanied by
sufficiently consistent evidence.Exception is made for furniture called
to be depreciated, the formalities of their sale having to continue and the proceeds of
the sale will be held until a decision on the ownership of the objects is made by the
trial judge.

If the guardianship judge grants the suspension, the request for distraction must be
introduced by the claimant to the court of the place of
execution, within the time limit of
week from the order, failing which the proceedings are continued.They are only possibly taken back after judgment on this request.
Article 204: The deed of sale can only be attacked by means of registration
fake.

Article 205: If there is
is a commercial fund, the sale takes place for the entire
elements of the fund, the guardian having to complete at p
feasible the formalities of
notification intended for previous sellers, in accordance with the provisions
of article 3 of the dahir of 13 Safar 1333 (December 31, 1914).

The supervisory judge of the place of the main headquarters of the business, at the

request of the tutor, appoints an expert to determine the price.
The item of sale cannot be awarded to the highest bidder if the price obtained is
lower than the estimate price set by the expert for the
set of elements
assets constituting the goodwill.

In this case, the sale is carried out in sections of the various elements
constituting the business.

Article 206: S'
these are transferable securities, securities, shares or units
of shares, they are sold on the stock exchange by order of the judge of
guardianships.


Section V: Judicial Sale of Immovable Property
Belonging to Incapable


Article 207: The judge authorizes the sale of a building belonging to a minor,
after ensuring that there is a need to sell a specific building
iné who must
be sold in preference to any other.
Article 208: The guardian who wishes to obtain this authorization must contact the court judge.
guardianships of a request accompanied by the necessary documents, which must
specify, in particular, the situation and the limits as precise as possible of
the building, the rights attached to it and the charges imposed on it, the leases
consented and, if applicable, its status with regard to land registration.The
filing of this request gives rise to the establishment of a report
reproducing these indications as well as the parts produced.The judge's order
authorizing or refusing the sale is transcribed at the foot of this report.

In the event of refusal, the order is automatically notified to the guardian in the ordinary manner.The appeal can be filed within ten days.
Article 209: If the value of the
building, after estimate by expert, the case
applicable, is equal to or less than two thousand dirhams, the
building can be
sold amicably.

If the value exceeds two thousand dirhams, the sale of
where it takes place at auction
publish
by the care of an agent of the registry dependent on the guardianship judge of the
place of opening of guardianship or location of the building, depending on
request from the judge, in the following forms and conditions:

The starting price is set, where applicable, by an expert appointed by the court judge.
guardianships.

A registry agent carries out legal publication, the conditions of which the judge sets,
taking into account the value of
building, which must take place for a period of
two months.The auction notice indicates the date and place of opening.It is plastered
at the door of the building, in the neighboring markets, at the seat of the court of
first instance of the place of execution, in the special framework r
reserved for posters
and in local authority offices.It is published, if necessary, in a daily newspaper
in large circulation and in the Official Bulletin.

The registry agent notifies the guardian of the completion of the publication formalities
and gives him notice to have to comp
appear on the day fixed for the auction.
Article 210: The building is awarded to the highest bidder.The auction price is
payable within three days after auction, failing which
the building is not handed over to the successful bidder.The latter must, in addition, pay the
costs of the award procedure.

If the successful bidder does not comply with the terms of the award, he will be
summons to comply
er.Failure by him to obey this summons in a
period of eight days, the building is put back on sale, under the conditions provided for in
the previous article.In this case, the defaulting successful bidder cannot claim the
reimbursement of any deposits he may have paid.

The formalities of the new award consist of publicity during
a period of two months, which bears the indication of the price obtained during the
first auction and the date scheduled for the second.
The
defaulting successful bidder is liable for the difference between the price he had
consented and that achieved by rem
is for sale, without being able to claim the excess
if there is one.Article 211: The deed of sale can only be attacked by means of registration
fake.

Section VI: Divorce


Article 212: The petition for divorce is presented to the competent court of
place of the dom
here of s spouses in ordinary forms.
After filing this request, the judge summons the spouses, with a view to
proceed with an attempt at conciliation.

If this conciliation takes place,
the magistrate issues an order stating this,
which ends the procedure.
If conciliation was not possible or if, after two summonses remained
unsuccessful, the spouses or one of them has not appeared, the judge makes a
non-conciliation order and authorization
the plaintiff spouse to pursue the
procedure.
The magistrate rules, if necessary, on provisional and protective measures
relating to the maintenance of women, children, their custody, and
movable objects found in the house.

This order is enforceable immediately and notwithstanding all means of
recourse.

Article 213: The
appeal is brought before the council chamber of the court of appeal;
the decision is rendered in public hearing.

Article 214: The
investigation is ordered either ex officio or at the request of the parties.


It takes place in the council chambers by hearing witnesses, before the judge.
After the investigation, the debates take place in the council chamber.The judgment is
made in public hearing.Article 215: The decision pronouncing the divorce rules on the maintenance or
m
modification of provisional measures ordered pursuant to article 212.
Article 216: The appeal and the cassation appeal, as well as the deadlines for these
appeal, have a suspensive effect.
Section VII: Judicial Declarations of Civil Status and
Rectifications of actions
es of the Civil Status

Article 217: Any person demonstrating a legitimate interest or the m
insist
public may appeal to the court of first instance, with a view to
judicially declare a birth or death that has not been registered
on civil status registers.Article 218: The request is presented to the court of first instance of the place of
birth or place of death or
, if this location is unknown, from the location of the domicile of the
applicant.
It must be communicated to the public ministry if it does not come from
him, so that he can give his opinion by written conclusions.

The judge rules by order after having, where appropriate, heard the parties
interested and carried out an investigation with a view to establishing proof of the alleged facts,
by all legal means.

The order granting the request orders the registration of the act in the register
of the state
calendar of the current year of the place of birth or death
and its mention
summary in the margin of the same register, on the date when the entry should have been made.

Article 219: The same procedure is followed with a view to rectifying an act of civil status
when this act does not co
does not contain all the information required by law, when
one or more of the statements is inaccurate or contains
statements prohibited by law.
The order prescribing the rectification is transcribed, by extract, in the register
of the current year and m
mention of it is made in the margins of the reformed act of which
no shipment will be delivered without corrections being made.
carried out, under penalty of damages against the civil status officer.

Article 220: The judge's order is subject to appeal.
Section VIII: Affixing Seals After Death of Oppositions
to the Seals, of the Lifting of Seals
Article 221: The procedure for affixing seals is regulated by the
provisions below, unless the law
provides otherwise.

Article 222: It is up to the judge to take, if necessary, all measures
urgently necessary to safeguard the estate
.It belongs to him, in
in particular, to decide on the affixing of seals and the deposit of sums of money and
valuable objects.

Article 223: The judge orders these precautionary measures:


- or on his own initiative, if there is among the number of heirs an incapable person not
provided with a testamentary guardian;the same applies when an heir is absent;

- either at the request of the public prosecutor to the court of first instance
when the deceased was a public trustee;in this case, the seals are not
affixed only because of this deposit and on the objects which compose it or
furniture or the rooms of the home that contain it;- or if the minor requests it.

The judge may also order essential precautionary measures if
one of the interested parties asked him for it
and that the circumstances justify them.
Article 224: The affixing report contains:

1° Indication of the date and time;2° Indication of the applicant and the m
reasons for his request;
3° The presence of the parties and their statements, if applicable;

4° The description of places and objects;
5° The establishment of a guardian.

Article 225: The keys of the door locks on which the seals have been
affixed remain in the hands of the clerk and under his responsibility.This
The latter cannot go, until the seals are lifted, to the house where they are
find, at m
unless it is required or its transportation is ordered by
the judge by reasoned order.Article 226: If, during the affixing, a will or other is discovered
sealed papers, the clerk notes the external shape, the seal and
the
superscription, if any, initials the envelope with the parties present if they do so.
know or can and indicates the day and time when the package will be by him
presented to the judge.He mentions everything in his report, which is signed
of the participants, otherwise mention is made of their refusal or incapacity.

Article 227: On the indicated day and time, and without the need for any
summons, the packages found sealed were presented by the clerk to the judge,
which makes it
opening, notes its status and orders its deposit if the contents
concerns the succession.

Article 228: If the sealed packages appear by their superscription or by
any other written proof belonging to third parties, the judge or gives that these third parties
will be called within a time limit that he sets, so that they can attend the opening;
he does it on the indicated day, in their presence or in their absence and, if the packages are
strangers to the succession, he hands them over to them, without making known their content or
hide them again to be given to them at their first requisition.
Article 229: If a will is found open, the registrar notes its condition and
give to the judge as it is said in the
section 226.

Article 230: If the doors are closed, if there are obstacles to
the affixing of seals if it rises, either before or during sealing,
difficulties,
it is immediately ruled on by the judge in summary proceedings.For this purpose, it is
suspended sentence and established by the clerk, guard outside or even inside, if the case
echet and the clerk refers it immediately.

Article 231: In all cases where it is ruled by the judge, what is done and
ordered is recorded in the report drawn up by the registrar.
The judge signs his orders on the said report.

Article 232: If the inventory is completed, no seal may be affixed;if
the inventory is in progress, the seal can only be affixed to objects not
inventoried;if
there are no movable effects, the clerk draws up a report of
that
ence.

If there are household effects that are necessary for the use of people who
remain in the house or on which the seal could not
isse be put, the clerk
draws up a report containing a summary description of the said effects.
Article 233: Opposition to seals may be made by declaration
written on the sealed report or filed with the court registry.
This declaration must contain the exact indication of the opponent, his election of
domicile instead of the seat of the court, if
it does not remain within the jurisdiction of this
court and the precise statement of the cause of the opposition.

Article 234: All those who have the right to have seals affixed may
request the lifting, except those who, in the absence of the successors, would have requested
this affixing in the interest of the latter.

Article 235: The formalities for achieving the lifting of the seals are:

1° A requisition to this effect recorded in the clerk's report;

2° An order from the judge indicating the day and time when the lifting will be
done;3° A summons to attend this lifting made by the clerk to the beneficiaries and
to opponents.If one of the parties is too far away, the judge appoints a representative for the
represent.
Opponents are called to their homes by their elected officials.
If the beneficiaries or some of them are minors, the seals are only lifted
when they have been provided with a legal representative or, being emancipated, they have
full availability
possession of their property.
Article 236: The lifting report contains:

1° Indication of the date on which it was established;
2° The name, profession, residence and choice of address of the applicant;

3° The
statement of the order issued for release;
4° The statement of the summons prescribed by the preceding article;
5° The appearance and statements of the parties;
6° The appointment of an expert for the price if it has been required and authorized by the
judge;7° Recognition of the seals, if they are in good condition and complete;if they are not
not, the state of alterations;

8° Requisitions for the purposes of searches and their results, if applicable.

Article 237: The seals are lifted successively and gradually as the
preparation of the inventory;they are reattached at the end of each shift.

We can bring together objects of the same n a
ture to be successively inventoried
following their order;they are, in this case, rep
laced under seal.
Article 238: If objects and papers foreign to the estate are found and
claimed by third parties, they are returned to whom it belongs;mention is made of it
minutes.

Article 239: If the cause of the apositi
seals cease before they are lifted
or during the course of their rising, there is no need for description.
Article 240: In the case of absolute necessity, the judge may, at the request of one of the
interested parties, or
give the temporary lifting of the debts, on condition of
reinstate automatically as soon as the cause for which the lifting was admitted has ended.
The magistrate determines, if necessary, the measures intended to safeguard the
rights of the interested parties while the seals are unsealed.


Section IX: Inventory

Article 241: When it is necessary to carry out the inventory, it is established in the
following forms:
The judge, either ex officio or at the request of any interested party, designates two
adoul in order to take inventory in the presence of the parties or their representatives.
When one of the parties could not be summoned due to distance,
of
absence or otherwise, the magistrate appoints a representative to represent them.
The inventory must include:
1° The date;

2° The indication of those who carried it out, the place and the parties who carried it out
requested;

3° The designation and valuation of real estate, if any, of the effects,
furniture, v a
their and cash.
Article 242: If, during the inventory, difficulties arise or if difficulties arise
claims by one of the parties regarding the property to be included in the
inventory
and it is not referred to by the other parties, it is mentioned at the trial
verbal and it is up to the most diligent party to appeal, either in summary proceedings,
or ultimately before the judge.

Inventory operations are not suspended.
Section X: Liquidation and Sharing

Article 243: The judge designates, to liquidate the succession, the person on whose choice the heirs have agreed.In the absence of agreement, and
he estimates
necessary the choice of a liquidator, the judge imposes it on them, unless they choose it
among the heirs as far as possible, after having heard their
observations and their reservations.

Article 244: There may be one or more liquidators.We apply to
liquidator the rules of the mandate
, to the extent indicated in the
order of
appointment.
Article 245: The liquidator may refuse the mission entrusted to him, or
renounce afterwards, according to the rules of the mandate.The judge can also substitute a
new li
former quidator, either ex officio or at the request of one of the
interested parties, when there are reasons justifying this decision.

Article 246: The mission of the liquidator is that indicated in the act of appointment.

Article 247: The act of appointment sets a deadline for the liquidator to present
an inventory of the estate.


Article 248: It is up to the liquidator to claim compensation from the judge
ion
fair for the execution of its mission.
The costs of liquidation are the responsibility of the estate.

Article 249: It is up to the liquidator, upon his appointment, to carry out an inventory of all the assets of the deceased through the intermediary of two adults,
conform
ement to judicial practice.
Likewise, he must find out what the succession includes in terms of debts and
debts.The heirs must bring to the attention of the liquidator everything they
know the obligations of the estate and its rights.


Article 250: At the
expiration of the period allocated to it for the inventory,
the liquidator draws up the list, article by article, of
all real estate and
furniture left by the deceased.He must mention on this list the rights and debts attested by the papers and
domestic records of the deceased and those whose existence has come to an end
knowledge in any way.The liquidator may ask the judge
an extension of the deadline which was given to him
mposed, when the circumstances
justify.

Article 251: After examination of the inventory by the judge, the estate is liquidated
under his control.Article 252: During the liquidation of the estate, the liquidator must
accom p
read the necessary administrative acts.It must also represent the
succession in legal proceedings and collect the inheritance debts which have reached maturity.The liquidator, even if he is not remunerated, incurs the
liability of the employee's agent.The judge may periodically request
the presentation of the accounts of its administration.
It is forbidden for anyone, among the heirs, to take charge of the management of the
inheritance property before liquidation, unless there is an imperative necessity to do so
forced.He is also prohibited from collecting royalties.
eances and to pay the
debts of the estate without the authorization of the liquidator.
Article 253: To evaluate the inheritance assets, the liquidator calls upon
experts, or any other person with special knowledge on this subject.

Article 254: After having requested permission from the judge and with the approval
of the heirs, the liquidator proceeds to the payment
ent of inheritance debts which
are due.As for disputed debts, they are only settled after the
final judgment.
Article 255: In the event of insolvency or presumption of insolvency of the
succession, the liquidator must suspend the
e payment of any debt, even then
that it would not be the subject of a legal challenge, until
all disputes relating to the liabilities of the estate have been
definitively decided.


Article 256: The liquidator settles the debts of the estate using the debts that
'it recovers sums of money that it includes and the price of
movable property;if all this is not enough, with the price of the real estate that the estate contains.The movables and immovables of inheritance are sold at public auction,
to me
unless the heirs agree to attribute them to themselves
competition of their value fixed by means of expertise or by means of a
licitation between them, taking into account however the provisions concerning the
minors.

Article 257: After settlement of inheritance debts, the liquidator is responsible for
mission to deliver legacies.
Article 258: The request in p a
rtage of the estate must be presented to the
court of first instance of the place of its opening.

Article 259: The court seized of the application for partition may, even if there is
minors in question, order definitive sharing if the property is likely to be
shares and can fulfill the rights of each heir.


If the property is not capable of sharing allowing each one to enjoy its
part, the court orders the partial or global sale by auction after
fixing the m
is at a price.
Article 260: The sale is made in accordance with the provisions of the articles
regarding sales of
building owned by minors.
Article 261: When the judgment has become final, it is
draws the lots by the clerk who issues them immediately afterwards
the
drawing and which delivers such extracts, in whole or in part, from the minutes of
sharing that the parties require.


Article 262: When all the co-owners are of age, enjoy their
civil rights and are present or due
ent represented, they may abstain from
legal remedies or abandon them, in any event and agree to such
manner they will advise to proceed with the sharing.

Section XI: Absence

Article 263: If there is a need to provide for
administration of all or part of
property left by a person presumed absent due to lack of
news and who has left no proxy for this purpose, any person
justifying a legitimate interest or the public prosecutor at the court of first
instance, may submit a request to the court of first instance of the place of
last domicile or last residence of the presumed absent person or, failing that,
that of the situation of the goods, with a view to taking or giving the measures
necessary administration and, in particular, to designate among the staff of the
registry, the person who will be responsible for this administration under the conditions
set by the court.

This administrator is prohibited from attaching any movable or immovable property without
court authorization.

The judge rules by order not subject to appeal.If the request is not
presented by the m
public prosecutor, it must obligatorily formulate its
conclusions.

Article 264: If the absence continues, the procedure is as follows:

Article 265: If the absentee has disappeared in exceptional circumstances making
his probable death, such as war, cataclysms or other catastrophes occurring
in the places where it was supposed to be located, the heirs may, upon expiration
of
a period of one year after the order provided for in article 263, present to the
judge, a motion to obtain a judgment declaring death.

The same request can be filed by the public prosecutor.

This judgment rendered, the succession is opened and liquidated in the manner
ordinary.The administrator ceases his functions for the benefit of the heirs.

Article 266: In all other cases, the judge, seized of a request from the interested parties,
sets a time limit during which he carries out a
quest and all
investigations, by all possible means and, in particular, by the services
specialized in searching for missing persons.

This investigation completed and the deadline expired, if no news has been collected, the
judge proceeds as stated in article 2 65.

In all cases, the judgment declaring death is rendered if more than
eighty years since the birth of the absentee.

Section XII: The Vocation of the State to Collect an Inheritance


Article 267: (amended, D. n° 1-93-2 06 of September 10, 1993 - 22 rebia I 1414-
art 2) When
in the absence of other her
known itineraries, the State may have the vocation to
collect an inheritance, the local authority of the place where the death occurred notifies
the King's prosecutor by indicating to him the approximate consistency of the
succession.The president of the court of first instance, seized by the King's prosecutor, issues an order upon request appointing a registrar to proceed with
the inventory of abandoned goods and effects and, if these goods present a certain
consistency, designates this registrar as curator to ensure its safekeeping.This one
this affixes the seals if necessary.He draws up a report of these different
operations.If the goods include perishable elements, it is authorized by the
president of the court to proceed with the sale in the form of movable property
belonging to minors.The amounts resulting from these sales are, after
deduction of costs, deposited with the Caisse de depot et de gestion.
The King's prosecutor then notifies the adm
registration of domains.

Article 268: The president of the court of first instance orders, in the case
where applicable, all advertising measures that it considers necessary
areas, in particular
the posting of his order at the last domicile of the deceased as well as at the headquarters of
the municipality of his place of birth, if he is known, and even insertion in a
or several newspapers that it designates.


Chapter IV: Procedure in Social Matters

Article 269: The court of first instance has jurisdiction in social matters,
co
same as it is said in articles 18 and 20.
Article 270: (amended, D. n° 1-93-2 06 of September 10, 1993 - 22 rebia I 1414-
art 2, dahir n° 1-00-327 of November 24, 2000 27 chaabane 1421, unique art)
When
it rules in matters of labor conflict or dispute between employer
and employee the court is assisted by four assessors comprising an equal number
employer assessors and employee or worker assessors.

The judge rules alone, without the assistance of assessors in matters of accident.
labor tooth
and occupational diseases.

In the matters provided for in the first paragraph
r, he can also sit without
the assistance of assessors, when the number of assessors is insufficient.
Article 271: The designation of assessors and the regulations concerning them
will be fixed by decree.

Article 272: Are applicable, to the extent that they are not contrary to the
provisions below, the rules applicable before the court of first
instance.
Article 273: The benefit of legal assistance is automatically granted to the
worker, plaintiff or defendant or their beneficiaries, for any procedure
up to and including the call.It extends from
full right to all acts of execution
judicial decisions.
Article 274: The summons to the hearing is sent to the parties within the
conditions provided for in Articles 37, 38 and 39, at least eight days before the date
fixed for appearance.

The summons must contain, in addition to the
indication of date, place and time
to whom the case is called, the name, profession and domain
here of the claimant,
the subject of the request and, in matters of work accidents and illnesses
professionals, the names and addresses of the victim or their beneficiaries,
the employer and the insurer, as well as the date and place of the accident or the date and
place of declaration of the occupational disease.

Article 275: The parties are required to appear in person at the first hearing;However, in matters of work accidents and illnesses
professionals, the
employer or substitute insurer, and, in matters of safety
Social Security, the Director General of the National Social Security Fund, may
to represent.

Article 276: The parties may be assisted by an agent designated in
the conditions provided for in terms of representation of the parties.They can
also be represented, but only in the event
prevention and with the
permission of the judge.
Minors who cannot be assisted by their father or guardian may be
authorized by the judge to request conciliation or to defend before him.
The parties may file observations on plain paper.


Article 277: The judge, at the start of the hearing, attempts to
reconcile the parties.

Article 278: In the event of conciliation, it notes the conditions of the agreement in
the following forms: - in matters of labor conflict or dispute between employer and employee,
the agreement is recorded by an order;
- in matters of work accidents and occupational diseases, the agreement is
established by an order which indicates
that the date of the accident, the starting point
of the compensation or annuity and all the elements which were used to calculate the
compensation or pension under the conditions provided for by the legislation in force and, in the event of revision of the pension, mention of the worsening or
alleviation of incapacity;
- in matters of social security, the agreement is established, depending on the case, by trial
verbal or, when the dispute concerns compensation
nities or pensions, by order
which indicates all the elements which were used to calculate said compensation or
pensions, under the conditions provided for by legislation relating to security
social.

The acknowledgment of the agreement, either by official report or by order, puts an end to the
dispute.It has enforceable force and is not subject to any appeal.
Article 279: (m
amended, D. n° 1-93-2 06 of September 10, 1993 - 22 rebia I 1414-
art 2, dahir n° 1-00-327 of November 24, 2000 27 chaabane 1421, single art) If
in matters of work accidents and occupational illnesses, conciliation
could not take place due to the disagreement of the parties or the absence of the
'one
of them or their representative, the judge in charge of the case draws up a report
of non-conciliation and decides immediately or refers the matter to a future
hearing, if applicable.

If in matters of labor conflict or dispute between employer and employee, the
conciliation could not take place for the m
same reasons cited in the first paragraph, the
court can rule immediately.If it is the applicant who did not show up, and he has not made any excuses
valid, the case is pu
rement and simply struck off.
If it is the defendant, the judge or the court panel rules by default or
by contradictory judgment as the case may be.Article 280: The judge may put the parties on notice by an order not
capable of recourse
s, to produce within a time limit that it determines, all documents,
all documents, conclusions or justifications likely to provide him with
clarifications.

He can summon and hear all witnesses.
He may also prescribe all measures of instruction and in particular
expertise under the following conditions:
Article 281: (m
amended, D. n° 1-93-2 06 of September 10, 1993 - 22 rebia I 1414-
art 2) In the case of medical expertise ordered either by the court of first
ier
instance, or by the court of appeal, the expert cannot, without agreement of the interested party, be neither the doctor who treated this person, nor the doctor of
the employer nor the doctor attached to the establishment or the insurance company
to which the employer is affiliated, nor the doctor of the National Security Fund
social.The expert's report must be submitted within a maximum period of one month
from the notification of the order or judgment requiring the expertise.

Article 282: If, to go to an ordered expertise in matters of accidents
work, occupational diseases or social security, the worker is
obliged to leave his residence, the travel expenses are, on tax established by
the judge, advanced p
ar the registry and included in the court costs.
Article 283: The judgment contains, in addition to the information provided for in Article 50,
the indication that an attempt at conciliation has been made, in the event of an investigation, the
name
witnesses as well as the fulfillment of the formality of the oath, if there is
location, the incidents and the various investigative measures which were prescribed,
finally, the points to be judged.

He further mentions:
- in matters of work accidents and occupational diseases, the date of
the accident, the starting point of the
compensation, or annuity and all elements
which were used to calculate the compensation or annuity under the conditions provided for
by the legislation in force;
- in matters of social security, when the dispute concerns compensation
ities or
pensions, all the elements which were used to calculate said compensation or pensions under the conditions provided for by the legislation relating to security
social.

Article 284: (amended, D. n° 1-93-2 06 of September 10, 1993 - 22 rebia I 1414-
art 2) The minute of the decision is signed by the judge responsible for
e the case and by the
registrar or by the president of the formation, the judge-rapporteur and the registrar.The
provisions of article 50, are applicable in the event of impediment.

Article 285: In matters of work accidents and occupational diseases
as in matters of
e social security, employment and apprenticeship contracts,
provisional execution is legal, notwithstanding opposition or appeal.
Article 286: Default judgments in social matters may be challenged
by way of opposition when
they are not subject to appeal in the
conditions provided for in article 130.
Article 287: When the decision is subject to appeal, it must be
lodged within thirty days from com p
ter of the notification of the judgment, within the
conditions provided for by article 54, or by declaration to the registry of the court of
first instance, or by registered letter with acknowledgment of receipt
addressed to this registry;in the latter case, the appeal is considered to have been filed
date which appears on the receipt given to the sender.

The registry of the court of appeal summons the parties and, possibly the witnesses,
in the conditions
ions provided for by article 274.
The provisions of articles 275 and 276 relating to the appearance or
representation of the parties are applicable.

Article 288: Decisions rendered in last resort by the judge in matters
social, as well as by the court of appeal, may be the subject of an appeal in
cassation in ordinary forms.

Article 289: (m
amended, D. n° 1-93-2 06 of September 10, 1993 - 22 rebia I 1414-
art 2, dahir n° 1-00-327 of November 24, 2000 27 chaabane 1421, unique art) In
matter of
accidents at work and occupational illnesses, the judge can
allocate a provision either automatically or at the request of the victim or their beneficiaries
right, when the accident has determined a degree of incapacity for work equal to the
less than 30% or death.

Article 290: The provision allocated in application of the preceding article must be
at most equal to the amount of daily arrears of the annuity, such as this
can be evaluated
after the rules established in matters of work accidents and
of occupational diseases, and if there is permanent incapacity, according to the
medical certificate stating the consolidation of the injury.
Article 291: Provisions are payable under the conditions of time and
place set by the d
decision which granted them.
Payment may be ordered from the day after the consolidation of
injury or death.Article 292: When determining the life annuity, the judge sets,
there is
place, the amount of capital which must replace this annuity.
Mention of this capital must be made in the conciliation report or on
the judgment.

Article 293: Judgment
tattoo on the request for redemption of annuity presented by
the victim, in their best interests.


Article 294: In case of emergency and at any stage of the procedure, by order
reasoned upon request and without formalities or costs and as a last resort, the judge may,
in the conditions
ions provided for by the legislation relating to the repair of
work accidents and occupational diseases:
1° Order the autopsy of the victim;
2° Suspend payment of daily compensation in the event of refusal by the victim
to undergo a medical check-up;3° Rule on the victim's right to the device.


Chapter V: Challenges

Article 295: Any magistrate may be challenged:
- when he or his spouse has a personal interest, direct or indirect, in the
protest;

- when there is kinship or alliance between the magistrate or his spouse and one of the
parts up to the degree of c
first cousin inclusive;
- when there is a trial in progress or when there has been a trial completed less than
two years between one of the parties and the magistrate or his spouse or their
ascendants or descendants;

- when the magistrate is a creditor or debtor of one of the parties;
- when he has previously given advice, pleaded or applied for the dispute or
knew one as an arbitrator;whether he testified as a witness;
- when he had to act as legal representative of one of the parties;

- if there is a relationship of subordination between the judge or his spouse and one of the
parties or their spouse;

- if there is notorious friendship or enmity between the judge and one of the parties.
Article 296: The request for recusal is made according to the established rules
for applications initiating proceedings.

It is communicated to the judge against whom it is directed, who
declares, in the
ten days, in writing, his acquiescence to the challenge, or his refusal to abstain
with his response to the grounds of challenge.If it is a magistrate of the court of first instance, the request for
challenge is, within three days of his response, or failure by him to respond,
trans
is to the court of appeal which rules within ten days on the challenge in
chamber of the council, the president of the tribune having, beforehand, heard in their
explanations, the requesting party and the challenged magistrate.
If it is a magistrate of a court of appeal or of the Supreme Court, it is ruled
following the same shapes and in the same
same deadlines by the court of appeal or the
Supreme Court.
Article 297: The applicant for challenge who fails in his request is
sentenced to a fine which cannot exceed five hundred dirhams, without prejudice,
if
there is reason for action by the magistrate for compensation and damages;
however, the magistrate who initiates or intends to initiate such action cannot, by
thereafter, contribute to the judgment of the main case.He can no longer engage
such action if he contributed to the judgment.
Article 298: Any magistrate who knows that one of the causes of challenge
listed in article 295 or any other m o
tif of abstention exists between him and one
of the parties, is required to make the declaration: - to the president of the court of first instance, if it is a magistrate of this
court;- at the Prem
first president of the court of appeal, if it is a president of a court of
first
1st instance;
- to the other members of the chamber sitting with him, if it concerns
a magistrate of
the Supreme Court or a court of appeal.


The magistrates to whom the declarations are addressed decide whether the person concerned
must abstain.
Article 299: The causes of recusal relating to the magistrates of the seat are
applicable to m
public prosecutors when they are joint parties;they
are not rebuttable when they are main parties.
Chapter VI: Rules of Judges

Article 300: There is reason for a settlement by judges when, in the same dispute,
several courts have rendered irrevocable decisions by which they
also declared co
mcompetent or incompetent.

Article 301: The request for settlement of judges must be brought by request
before the immediately superior court common to the courts of which
decisions are pending
aqueous and before the Supreme Court when it comes to
jurisdictions having no other common superior jurisdiction above them.

Article 302: The request is examined in chambers without the presence of the parties or their representatives.
If the court seized considers that
if there is no need for a ruling by judges, it renders
a reasoned rejection decision, which, if it is not the Supreme Court, can
be the subject of a cassation appeal.If the court seized considers that there may be grounds for a ruling by judges, it
refers the case to the reporting magistrate so that it can be decided in due form
ordinary,
the
deadlines provided for by law are, however, reduced by half.

This decision suspends, on its date, all proceedings and proceedings before the judge of
background.

With reservation for simply conservative acts, any act which may come to be
accomp
li in violation of the stay granted would be void.


Chapter VII: Of the Third Opposition

Article 303: Any person may file an opposition to a judicial decision
which prejudices her rights and in which neither she nor those she represents
n'
were called.

Article 304: The third party opposition is formed according to the rules established for
applications initiating proceedings.

No third party opposition
tion is not admissible if it is not accompanied by a
receipt noting the deposit with the court registry of a sum
equal to the maximum
um of the fine which may be imposed pursuant to
the following article.
Article 305: The party whose third party opposition is rejected is sentenced to
fine of which the maximum
um is one hundred dirhams before the court of first
instance, three hundred dirhams before the court of appeal and five hundred dirhams before
the Supreme Court, without prejudice, where applicable, to damages to the
opposing party.
Chapter VIII: Arbitration

Article 306: All capable persons may subscribe to a prom
is
of arbitration over the rights of which they have free disposal.

However, we cannot compromise:
- on donations and legacies of food, clothing and housing
ents;

- on questions concerning the state and capacity of people;

- on interesting questions
public order and, in particular:
* disputes concerning acts or property subject to a public law regime;

* disputes involving the application of a tax law;

* disputes involving laws relating to the taxation of prices, during
forced, exchange and foreign trade;

* disputes concerning nullities and dissolution of companies.
Article 307: The compromise must always be in writing.

It may be the subject of a report drawn up before the chosen arbitrator(s) of a
act passed before a notary or adoul or even
a private document,
according to the wishes of the parties.
Article 308: The compromise must designate, under penalty of nullity, the subject of the dispute and the
name of arbitrators;it sets the time limit at the end of which the arbitrator(s) must
having rendered their arbitration award.If the
The compromise did not set the deadline, the
The powers of the arbitrators expire after three months from the day on which their
designation has been notified.
Article 309: The parties may, in any contract, agree to submit to the
decision of arbitrators the solution to disputes which may arise during
of the execution of the contract.


They may, in addition, when the contract concerns a commercial act,
designate in advance in the agreement itself, the arbitrator(s).In this case, the
co mpro clause
missionary must be handwritten and specially approved by
the parties, under penalty of nullity.
If the appointment of arbitrators could not be made or had not been made at
the
advance, one of the parties refuses, when a dispute arises, to
proceed to this designation, as far as it is concerned, the other party may present
request to the president of the jurisdiction who will subsequently be required to render
enforceable the arbitral award, with a view to the appointment of arbitrators, by simple
order, not subject to appeal.


The powers of the arbitrators, whether appointed by the parties or by
order of the president, expire under the conditions of the deadlines provided for in article
308. Article 310: During the arbitration period, the arbitrators cannot be dismissed
only consent
the parties are unanimous;this revocation may apply to a
only referees.

The revocation puts an end to the powers of the arbitrators and any award that they would have rendered, after their revocation, would be void even if they had not been
previously notified of their revocation.

Article 311: The parties and the arbitrators follow the deadlines and the
forms established for the
s courts of first instance, if the parties are not
otherwise agreed.
The referees are required to participate together in all work and all
operations, as well as the drafting of minutes, unless the parties do not
authorized them to conf
require one of them to carry out one of these formalities.
Article 312: The compromise ends:

1° By death, refusal, resignation or employment
fishing of one of the referees
unless the convention provides that it will be disregarded or that the
replacement will be at the choice of the parties, or at the choice of the arbitrator or arbitrators
remaining;

2° By the expiration of the stipulated period or that of
three months if no delay
special n
had been fixed;
3° By sharing opinions, if the arbitrators do not have the power to take a third party
referee;
4° By the death of one of the parties, if it leaves one or more heirs
mi
neurs;


5° If, before the arbitral award is pronounced, one of the parties has become
incapable.

Article 313: Arbitrators cannot renounce their mission if their operations
are started, under penalty of damages for the benefit of the parties in question.
compensation for damage
this thus caused by their fault.

They cannot be challenged, except for a cause occurring or discovered
since their designation, if he is trained
is a false inscription, even purely
civil, or if any criminal incident arises during the arbitration, the arbitrators suspend their work until the incident has been resolved by
ordinary courts and the time limit is suspended and does not start again
run only from the day the incident has been definitively resolved.

Article 314: Each party is required to produce its documents and means
of defense, fifteen days at least
ins before the expiration of the arbitration deadline;the
Arbitrators are only required to rule on what has been produced to them.
The arbitration award is signed by each of the arbitrators;in the case where there is
more than two arbitrators, if the minority refuses to sign, the other arbitrators do so
mention and the sentence has the same effect
that if it had been signed by each of the
referees.

Article 315: When the arbitrators were unable to agree on the solution to
give the question that was submitted to them
ise and that the parties had, during
the establishment of the compromise or arbitration clause, agreed that,
in this case, the arbitrators will be decided by a third arbitrator, the arbitrators
designate this third arbitrator, or, if they cannot agree on this
designation, draw up a report establishing this;the third arbitrator is then, at the
request of the most diligent party, designated by order of the president of the
jurisdiction which would possibly be competent to order the execution of the
arbitration award.This order is not subject to any appeal.

The divided arbitrators are required to write their separate and reasoned opinions, either in
a united report
whether in separate minutes.
Article 316: In the absence of any stipulation in the compromise or in the act
having appointed the third arbitrator, the latter is required to rule within the following month
its acceptance.
The ti
The arbitrator is informed by the opinions of the shared arbitrators and by the conference
held by him with them;he may, in addition, order new measures
instructive
one, but he must limit himself to indicating which of the divergent opinions he
seems the best and its decision must express the choice thus made, even if, in
the absence of the arbitrators summoned to meet, he is forced to decide alone.

Article 317: The arbitrators and the third arbitrator must refer to the precise legal rules applicable to the dispute, unless the p
articles have not stipulated
in the arbitration agreement or in the arbitration clause, that they must
rule in equity as amicable composers without complying with the rules
legal or that the extent of the powers given by the parties to the arbitrators does not
allows us to affirm that this was undoubtedly the intention of the said parties.


If the appointed arbitrators had the power to rule as amicable
com
positioners, the same applies to the third arbitrator.
Article 318: The arbitral award must be written, contain a statement of
claims of the parties and the indication of the disputed issues resolved by the
sentence, as well as
a mechanism ruling on these questions.
It must be signed by the arbitrators, specify their identity, and mention the date
and the place where it was returned.Article 319: The arbitral award is, under no circumstances, subject to appeal.
Article 320: The arbitral award is made enforceable by order of the
president of the court of first instance in whose jurisdiction she was
pronounced.For this purpose, the minute of the sentence is filed at the registry of this jurisdiction by
one of the referees in the tr
oth days of his pronouncement.
If it has been compromised on the appeal of a judgment, the arbitral award is d
posed
at the registry of the court of appeal and the order is made by the First President
of this jurisdiction.

Fees relating to the filing of requests are due by the parties and not by the parties.
referees.
Article 321: The president of the court
of first instance or the First
president of the court of appeal seized of the request
You do not have, in any way, to
examine the merits of the case;he must, however, ensure that the arbitral award
is not affected by a public nullity
c, in particular for violation of
provisions of article 306.
Article 322: The arbitral award definitively bearing the formula
enforceable, either by the president of the court of first instance, or by the
First President of the Court of Appeal, on appeal from the
one of the parties is notified to
the request of the most diligent party.

The decision of the president of the court of first instance may be appealed in the ordinary manner, within thirty days of its notification, to
mo
unless the parties have waived this remedy in advance, or when
of the designation of the arbitrators, either since this designation, but before the
pronouncement of the sentence.

Article 323: This appeal is brought before the court of appeal.Jurisdiction
territorially co mp
extent is that in whose jurisdiction the
arbitration award.
Article 324: The court of appeal rules according to the ordinary rules.
The rules on the provisional execution of court judgments are
applicable to arbitral awards.

Article 325: Arbitral awards, even accompanied by the exequatur decision,
are not enforceable
s to third parties, who may however file third-party opposition
under the conditions provided for by articles 303 to 305.
Article 326: Arbitral awards may be the subject of a request in
withdrawal before the court which would have heard the case if there had not been
of compromise
arbitration.


Article 327: The appeal of cassation is open against decisions rendered as a last resort, either on a request for withdrawal or on appeal of the judgment
granting or refusing exequatur, as well as against the order of the Prime Minister
er
president of the court of appeal rendered by application of the 3rd paragraph of article 320.

Title VI: Procedure Before the Court of Appeal

Chapter One: From the
Instruction of Procedures
Article 328: Requests for appeal are received in accordance with the provisions
of articles 141 and 142. They are transmitted, without delay, to the
court registry
appeal where they are recorded with the file and the copies provided for in the 2nd
paragraph of article 142. The provisions of the last paragraph of this article are
applicable.
Article 329: The First President of the Court of Appeal then appoints an advisor
rapporteur to whom the file is transmitted within twenty-four hours.


This magistrate immediately issues an order by which he prescribes the notification
of the appeal request to the opposing party, and, having regard to the circumstances of the
cause and taking co
takes into account, if necessary, the distance periods provided for in articles
40 and 41, sets the case for one of the next hearings.

This order, which is notified to the defendant, notifies him of the day on which the case is
brought to the public hearing with invitation to have to produce
re all memory in
defense and all supporting documents before the hearing, within a time limit that it sets.

If there are several parties and if all have not concluded within the set time limit, the parties
defaulters are, at the expiration of said period i, notified by the reporting magistrate
that, due to their failure to have concluded within the new deadline that it sets for them, the
procedure will be deemed contradictory to all.Communication of this
notice is given to non-defaulting parties.

After expiry of this new period, it will be ruled by a deemed judgment
contradictory between all parties.

The
order provided for in paragraph 2 above is notified to the defendants within
conditions provided for in articles 37, 38 and 39;it is given to them at the same time
s
copies of the requests filed by the applicants.
Mention is made in the file of these notifications and communications as well as
all other notifications and subsequent communications.Article 330: Any domestic party
ciliated outside the spring is required to do
election of domicile at the place where the court sits.Any communication addressed to
a person not yet called into question contains, if applicable, notice of
have to
make this election of domicile.
In the absence of this election, any communication, any notification, even
me the one
of the final judgment, is validly made at the registry of the court of appeal.
The appointment of a qualified agent constitutes election of domicile with the latter.

The agent is only validly appointed if he himself has a real or elected address.
in the spring.

Article 331: The parties or their representatives may take note of the
graft, without displacement, of
parts of the case.

Article 332: Defense briefs, replies and all other briefs and
conclusions are filed with the court registry.They must wind com
carry as much
copies that there are of the parties involved.The provisions of article 142 are
applicable.
Their notification is given and carried out in accordance with arti
key 329.
Article 333: The case being called to hearing, if the defendant has not concluded,
it is ruled by default, at m
less than the court, at the request of the defendant or
his representative, does not refer the matter to another hearing to allow him to
conclude.

If the defendant has concluded, the court, unless it
considers that the case is ready
to be judged, orders its referral to the reporting advisor.
Article 334: The rapporteur advises the procedure and orders the
production of documents which appear necessary for the investigation of the case.He
may, at the request of the parties or even ex officio, the parties heard or
dum
are summoned, order all investigative measures such as investigations,
expert opinions, personal appearances, without prejudice to those to which
may subsequently appeal to the court in a public hearing or in chambers of the
advice.
The orders thus issued cannot in any way prejudice the main proceedings.
They are notified by the registry and are not subject to appeal.
The reporting advisor may, if necessary, appoint a curator.

Article 335: When, the investigation being completed or the deadlines for the
production of expired responses, the report
eur considers that the case is ready
to be judged, he issues an order by which he relinquishes the case and fixes
the date of the hearing at which the matter will be called.

Notification is made to the parties in accordance with articles 37, 38 and 39.

After the divestiture order, the court did not report any
memo o
ire and no documents produced by the parties with the exception of the conclusions
for purposes of withdrawal.
Briefs and documents produced late are rejected from the file and kept in
registry at the disposal of their authors.

However, the court may, by reasoned decision, refer the case to the advisor
rapporteur if a new fact, likely to influence the decision, has arisen
since the order or if an event that occurred previously does not
could have been invoked
for reasons independent of the theft of the parties and deemed valid.

Article 336: The provisions of the third chapter of Title III, relating to
measurements
instruction, are applicable before the court of appeal, subject to the
following exemptions:
The investigative measures are prescribed, either by order of the advisor
rapporteur under the conditions
provided for in article 334, or by decision of the court
meeting in chambers of the council, the rapporteur heard, or by judgment rendered in
public hearing.
Site visits are carried out by the rapporteur advisor unless
he doesn't
be decided otherwise by the decision ordering the measure.

Investigations take place before the reporting advisor, unless the court
wants to hear it herself
witnesses, in which case this hearing is carried out
in the council chambers.

The appearance of the parties can always be ordered, either by the advisor
rapporteur, either in council chambers or at a public hearing.Minutes
is drawn up from this com
publication.
The procedure for verifying entries and false incidents takes place before the
advisor rapporteur.


Chapter II: Judgments of the Court


Article 337: The role of each public hearing is decided by the Prime Minister
president;it is communicated to the public ministry and posted on the door of the room
audience.Article 338: Any party or his agent must be notified by notification
in accordance with the
article 335, from the day the case is brought to the hearing
public.

There must be five clear days between the day of delivery of the summons and the
day indicated for appearance.


Article 339: The
hearing is public, except that the court has the right to pronounce
behind closed doors when publicity is dangerous for order or morals.

Article 340: The president has control of the audience.The provisions of the article
43 are applicable before the court of appeal.
Article 341: In the event that speeches
offensive, outrageous or defamatory
would be held by lawyers, the court may apply to them, by separate judgment,
the disciplinary penalties of the av
ertification and reprimand and even that of
temporary ban for a period not exceeding two months or six months
in the event of a recurrence within a year.


Article 342: (amended, D. n° 1-93-2 06 of September 10, 1993 - 22 rebia I 1414-
art 2) In all cases which have been the subject of an investigation in accordance
element
in articles 334 and 335, the rapporteur draws up a written report relating procedural incidents and the completion of legal formalities, analyzing
the facts and arguments of the parties and reproducing or summarizing, if necessary, the
conclusions of the said parties.It further sets out the points to be decided
without
give your opinion.
The parties may during the hearing present their oral observations to
support for their written conclusions.
Article 343: After the closure of the debates and, where applicable, after hearing the
public prosecutor in his written or oral conclusions, the president orders
that
the matter be put under advisement.

The deliberation takes place without the presence of the parties.

Article 344: Judgments rendered on requests or briefs of the
parties, even though the parties or their representatives have not presented
of
oral submissions at the hearing.

The same is true of judgments which, rejecting an exception, rule on the merits,
even if the party which raised the objection refrained from concluding,
subsidiarily to fo
nd.

All other judgments are rendered by default without prejudice to the provisions of paragraphs 4 and 5 of article 329.
Article 345: Hearings and judgments of the courts of appeal are held and delivered
by three magistrates, including the president.

They have the same title as
those of the court of first instance.


They mention the names of the magistrates who took part in the decision, the names,
first name, quality or profession, residence or residence of
the parties and their
agents, if it is a company, the company name as well as the nature
and the headquarters, the reading of the report if applicable or mention that exempts from this
reading was granted by the president in the absence of opposition from the parties, the
visa of the documents, and, where applicable, the reports relating to the measures
of instruction which was carried out, as well as the visa of the main
legal provisions which are applied.

They are motivated.Mention is made there that they were delivered in public hearing, that the debates took place in public hearing, behind closed doors or in the chamber of the
advice and, where applicable, mention of the hearing of the parties or their
agents and that the m
public prosecutor was heard in its conclusions.
The minute of the judgment is signed by the president, the rapporteur advisor and the
clerk.If, due to incapacity, the president is unable to sign
the judgment, it must
be within the next forty-eight hours by the most
former advisor who attended the hearing, the same applies if
the impediment comes from the reporting advisor, unless he is the
oldest;the judgment must then be signed by his colleague.

Mention of this substitution is then made at the minute.

If the im
possibility of signing comes from the clerk, it is sufficient that the president or the
magistrate who signs in his place makes mention of this when signing.

If the im
possibility comes from both the magistrates and the clerk, the case must o it
return to the hearing for further debate and decision.
Article 346: The minute of the judgment is kept at the registry for each case,
with correspondence and documents relating to the investigation.The parts that
belong to the parties are given to them
its counter receipt unless the court
has, by decision rendered in chambers of the council, prescribed only some of
these documents remain annexed to the file.
Article 347: The provisions of article 147 concerning provisional execution
notwithstanding opposition are applicable before the court of
call.
In matters of defenses with provisional execution, the parties are summoned by the
designated rapporteur advisor in the ordinary manner.

Article 348: A certified compliant shipment
e of all decisions is delivered
by the registry as soon as required.As soon as
e the decision is signed, a copy in
is attached to the file.

Article 349: The notification of a judgment is accompanied by a duly sent
certified in compliance with this judgment;she is trans
ised and returned to the conditions
established by article 54.

Chapter III: Resumption of Proceedings and Discontinuance


Article 350: The provisions of Articles 108 to 123 are applicable before the
court of appeal.


Chapter IV: Costs

Article 351: The provisions of articles 124 and following are applicable before
the court of appeal.

The opposition to the tax of experts and interpreters, as well as the opposition of the parties to
the liquidation of costs, are carried
before the court ruling in chambers of
advice.

Chapter V: Of the Opposition

Article 352: The provisions of articles 130 and following are applicable before
the court of appeal.Title VII: From the Supreme Court
e

Chapter One: Skill

Article 353: The Supreme Court, unless a text expressly excludes it, rules on
:
1° Appeals in cassation filed against the decisions rendered last
jurisdiction by all courts of the Kingdom;

2° Actions for annulment for abuse of power filed against decisions
from the authorities ad
ministerial;

3° Appeals filed against acts and decisions by which judges
exceed their powers;
4° Regulations of judges between jurisdictions having no authority over them
common superior court other than the Supreme Court;

5° Attacks against magistrates and courts with the exception of the
Supreme Court;

6° The authorities under suspicion
gitime;

7° Divestitures for reasons of public security, or for the interest of a
good administration of justice.


Chapter II: Procedure

Article 354: Appeals for cassation and appeals for annulment referred to in
the preceding article are formed by a written request signed by an agent
approved by the Supreme Court.In the absence
this request or if the request is signed by the applicant himself or
by an agent not completed
without the conditions provided for in the preceding paragraph,
the court may proceed ex officio to the dismissal of the case without summoning the party.
The amount of the judicial tax that would have been paid, however, remains with the State.

By way of derogation from the requirements of paragraphs 1 and 2 above, the requesting State
or defendant is exempt from the ministry of
lawyer.
If he makes use of this exemption, his requests and briefs are signed by the
interested minister or by an official having received delegation to this effect.This
delegation can be general for an entire category of business.

Article 355: The request must,
barely inadmissible:

1° Indicate the real names, first names and addresses of the parties;
2° Contain a summary statement of the facts and means as well as the conclusions;

3° Being accompanied
agne of a dispatch of the legal decision or of a
copy of the adm decision
administrative action attacked and, furthermore, in the case of an appeal
for annulment for abuse of power, of the decision rejecting the appeal
prior administrative procedure provided for in article 360, paragraph 2, and a document justifying the
filing of said appeal if one had been filed.
In addition, as many copies of cells must be attached to the request.
here's what there is
parties involved.


Article 356: The request is filed with the registry of the court which rendered the
contested decision or in the case of appeal against the decisions of the authority
administrative, at the registry of the Supreme Court.

The request is recorded in a special register.
The registry of the court which issued the contested decision must then
transmit, free of charge, with the
the attachments, the file of the procedure and, the
where applicable, that of the procedure before the court of first instance, at the
registry of the Supreme Court.

The clerk issues a receipt to the parties who request it.This r
spliced
consists of a copy of the request on which the date stamp is affixed
of the registry which receives the appeal.

Article 357: The applicant before the Supreme Court must, at the time he
file your request and
on pain of inadmissibility thereof, pay the tax
judicial.

Article 358: Except for specific provisions, the time limit for seizing the Supreme Court
is thirty days from com
from the day of notification of the referred decision, or
to no one, or to an actual home.
With regard to judgments of default, the period only runs from
end of the day when
the opposition is no longer admissible.

The appeal period is suspended from the day of filing with the court registry,
the request for legal assistance;this period runs again from the day of the
notification of the decision of the legal aid office to the agent
e
appointed ex officio and, in the event of rejection, from the day of notification to the party of this
rejection decision.
Article 359: Appeals submitted to the Supreme Court must be based on
one of the following causes:

1° Violation of internal law;
2° Violation of a procedural rule having caused
harm to a party;
3° Incompetence;

4° Excess of power;
5° Lack of legal basis or lack of reasons.

Article 360: Subject to the provisions provided for in the following paragraph hereof
article, appeals for annulment for excess of power against the decisions of the
administrative authorities must be introduced within the deadline
sixty days to
from the publication or notification of the contested decision.
However, interested parties have the option to enter, before
t the expiration of the time limit
contentious appeal, the author of the decision of a gracious appeal or to bring
a hierarchical appeal before the higher administrative authority.In this case,
the appeal to the Supreme Court can be validly presented within the deadline of
sixty days from notification of the express decision of rejection, total
or partial, of the prior administrative appeal.Silence kept for more than sixty days by the administrative authority on the appeal
graceful or hierarchical means rejection.If the authority ad
ministerial is a body
deliberating, the period of sixty days is extended, if necessary, until the end
of the first legal session following the filing of the application.
When the regulations in force provide for a specific procedure for
administrative appeal, the appeal for annulment is not accepted
able until the expiration of
said procedure and under the same deadline conditions as above.

The silence maintained by the administration for a period of sixty days, at the
continuation of
a request submitted to it is equivalent to a rejection.The interested party must then
lodge an appeal before the Supreme Court within sixty days from
from the expiration of the first period specified above.

The action for annulment is not admissible against administrative decisions
when the interested parties have the ordinary recourse to assert their rights
of full jurisdiction.
Article 361: (last paragraph, repealed, D. n° 1-87-16, September 10, 1993 - 22 re bia I
1414, L. n° 04-82, art 1) Appeals before the Supreme Court are not
suspensive only in the following cases:

1° In matters of
'state;

2° When there was a false incident;

3° In matters of registration.
In addition, at the express request of the requesting party, the court may, as
exceptional, order that
either suspension of execution, or judgments and judgments
rendered in administrative matters or decisions of administrative authorities
against which an action for annulment has been brought.

Article 362: As soon as the appeal or appeal is filed, the First President
transmit it
file to the president of the competent chamber who designates a
advisor-rapporteur responsible for directing the procedure.

The following are transmitted to the administrative chamber:

1° Appeals in cassation against jurisdictional decisions
rendered in
a case where a public person is a party;
2° Actions for annulment for abuse of power filed against decisions
ad authorities
ministerial.
Any chamber can nevertheless validly instruct and judge whatever the
nature, the cases submitted to the court.
Article 363: When
it appears, in view of the application instituting proceedings or the
memo o
ampliative ire, that the solution of the matter is already certain, the
The president of the chamber may decide that there is no need for an investigation.

The file is transmitted directly to the public prosecutor and the case
ire is fixed at
the hearing by the president at the expiration of the period provided for in article 366, 4th
paragraph.
The court can then either reject the appeal by a reasoned judgment, or by a judgment
no m
otivated, order the referral of the file to the office of a reporting advisor
for the preparation of the procedure.Article 364: When the applicant has reserved in his request the right to
file a brief am
folding document, this must be produced within thirty days of
filing of the request.

The applicant who does not observe this deadline is deemed to have waived the filing of the
memory.At the expiration of the period provided for in the first paragraph, the request and, where applicable, the
mem
or ampliative are notified, by the registry, to the interested persons.
Article 365: Interested parties are required to submit their mem
oire in
response with the documents they intend to use within thirty days of the
notification made to them.
Subject to the provisions of article 354, paragraphs 4 and 5, this memorandum must be
signed by one of the agents referred to in the first paragraph
1st of said article.


The thirty-day deadline set above may be extended by the advisor
rapporteur.

Article 366: The reporting advisor gives formal notice to the party who has not
observed the deadline set for it;if necessary, a new and final deadline may
be granted to him.If the formal notice r
is without effect, the court rules.
In the case of an appeal for abuse of power filed against the decisions
from the authorities ad m
inistratives, the defendant who defaults is deemed
having acquiesced in the facts set out in the request.

When the reporting advisor considers that the case is ready, he issues a
order of divestment and communication to the public ministry
c and
submits his report.

The public prosecutor must conclude within thirty days of the order whether
comm
unique.
Whether the public prosecutor has concluded or not, the case is set for hearing by the
President at the end of this period.

Article 367: The time limits provided for in articles 364, 365 and 366 are reduced by
half in what stupid
identifies the appeals filed against:

1° Decisions regarding alimony, personal status or
nationality;

2° Decisions rendered in matters of elections and social matters;

3° The decisions rendered on the merits are
following the summary procedure.

All other provisions remain applicable.
In all matters, the reporting advisor may, if the nature or circumstances
of the case so require, set shorter deadlines.
Article 368: (repealed, D. n° 1-87-16, September 10, 1993 - 22 rebia I 1414, L. n° 04-82,
art 1)

Article 369: (m
amended, D. n° 1-87-16, September 10, 1993 - 22 rebia I 1414, L. n° 04-
82, art 1) When the cassation has been pronounced, the
Court postpones the trial, either
before another court of the same jurisdiction, or, exceptionally, before the
court which rendered the overturned decision.This jurisdiction must then be
composed of magistrates having in no way or by virtue of any
function, participated in the decision subject to cassation.

If the court has ruled on a point of law in its judgment, the referring court is
required to comply with its decision.If, after quashing the decision referred to it, the court finds that there remains
nothing left to judge, she gold
quashes the decision without referral.
Article 370: The role of each hearing is decided by the president of the
chamber and, in the case where it is ruled by several chambers united, by the
First president.Any party must be notified, at least
at least five days in advance, from the day on which the matter
is brought to the hearing.
Article 371: The chambers of the court can only validly judge if they
sit with five magistrates.

The First President of the court, the president of the chamber seized and this
last can return the judgment
nt of any business to training of
judgment constituted by two chambers united.In this case, the Prime
president designates the chamber which is attached to the chamber seized and, in the event of
sharing of votes, that of the president, following the order of precedence established between the
chamber presidents, is preponderant.
The formation constituted by two chambers may decide to refer the case to
the Supreme Court judging all chambers together.
Article 372: Court sessions are public, except for the faculty for
yard
to pronounce the closed session.

After reading the report, the representatives of the parties present their
oral observations if they request to be heard and the public prosecutor gives
its conclusions.
The public prosecutor must be in charge in all cases.


Article 373: The request for disqualification of a magistrate of the Supreme Court is
exempted from the ministry of lawyer.

Article 374: In the case of co-offenses
submitted to a court hearing, these
offenses are punished in the
conditions provided for in the Code of Procedure
criminal.

The provisions of articles 340 and 341 of this code are applicable before
the Supreme Court.

Article 375: The judgments of the Supreme Court are rendered in public hearing
“in the name of Her Majesty
Sté le Roi”.


They are motivated.They cover the texts which are applied and must mention:

1° Last name, first name
s, quality, profession and real domicile of the parties;

2° The briefs produced as well as the statement of the grounds invoked and the
conclusions of the parties;

3° The names
s of the magistrates who made them, the name of the reporting advisor
being specified;

4° The name of the representative of the public prosecutor;
5° The reading of the report and the hearing of the public prosecutor;

6° The names of the representatives approved by the Supreme Court who applied in
the instance and their aud
ition, if applicable.
The minute of the judgment is signed by the president, the rapporteur advisor and the
clerk.

In the event that one of the signatories is unable to do so, the procedure shall be in accordance with
the
article 345.

Article 376: (2nd paragraph, amendment, L. fin n° 14-97 promulgated D. n°1-97-153 of 30
June 1997, and repealed, Article 19 bis of Finance Law No. 12-98 for the year
1998-1999 budget proclaimed by Dahir No. 1-98-116 of 28/9/1999) The
part which succumbs
be is ordered to pay costs.However, costs may
be arbitrated.
It also has the authority to rule on the possible request for
damages filed before it by the defendant for abusive recourse.
Article 377: Can intervene
before the Supreme Court in support of the claims
of one of the parties involved, all persons who have, to the solution of the matter
stem,
interests indivisible from those of the plaintiff or defendant.
Article 378: Defaulting parties are not admissible to file an opposition
to the default judgments rendered by the Supreme Court.


Article 379: No appeal may be lodged against the judgments of the Court
supreme only in the following cases:
A. - An appeal for withdrawal
ation can be exercised:

1° Against judgments which were rendered on the basis of documents declared or
recognized as false;
2° Against judgments ruling in the matter of inadmissibility
ility or decline which have
been determined by the indications of
notices of an official nature affixed to
the documents of the procedure and the inaccuracy of which emerges from new documents
official, subsequently produced;


3° If the party has been convicted, for failure to present a decisive document retained
by his opponent;

4° If the judgment took place without the provisions of the articles being observed
371, 372 and 375.

B. - An appeal for rectification may be exercised against tainted decisions
of a material error likely to have had an influence on the ju
gement
of the affair.C. - Third party opposition is admissible against the judgments rendered by the Court
Supreme Court on appeals for annulment filed against the decisions of the authorities
administrative.

Article 380: For all provisions
procedural ions that are not planned
in this chapter, the Supreme Court
e applies the rules provided for before the
court of appeal.
Article 381: When the King's Attorney General at the Supreme Court learns
that a decision was rendered as a last resort in violation of the law or
procedural rules and that
none of the parties appealed to the Court of Cassation in the
within the prescribed period, he refers it to the court.
If there is cassation, the parties cannot take advantage of it to avoid the
provisions of the overturned decision.

Article 382: The Minister of Justice may prescribe to the King's Attorney General
request the Supreme Court to refer to the latter, for the purposes of annulment, the
decisions by which the judges would have exceeded their powers.

The parts are m
are called into question by the King's Attorney General who sets a
deadline to produce their briefs.The m
legal representation is not obligatory.
The chamber seized annuls, if necessary, these decisions and the annulment applies in respect of
of all.


Article 383: Dismissal due to legitimate suspicion may be requested by
any person who is a party to the dispute, either as plaintiff or
defendant, either as an intervener or called in guarantee.

The procedure applicable to this request is that of the regulation of judges before
the Supreme Court.

If the court admits
t the legitimate suspicion, it refers the case, after consulting the
public prosecutor, before such jurisdiction as it designates and which must be of the same
degree than that which was attacked.
If the court does not
does not admit the request, the requesting party other than the ministry
public is ordered to pay the costs and may be ordered
born in addition to a fine
civil liability towards the Treasury which may not exceed three thousand dirhams.

Requests for legitimate suspicion are not admitted against the Court
supreme.

Article 384: In the absence of a request made by the parties, the Minister of
justice may refer the matter to the Supreme Court, through the King's Attorney General,
dema
nds of dismissal due to legitimate suspicion.

A decision is made on these requests, within eight days of the filing of the request by the
Attorney General of the King, by the Prime Minister
st president and the presidents of the chamber
assembled in council chambers.
Article 385: In cases where there is reason to fear that the judgment of a trial
in the place where the territorial jurisdiction sits
ally competent to know about it,
either causes disorder or compromises public order, the Minister of
justice has the sole right to refer the matter to the Supreme Court, through the prosecutor
General of the King, of requests for dismissal on grounds of public security.


Requests for referral in the interest of the proper administration of justice
are presented in the forms provided for in paragraph p
recent.

These requests are decided as stated in paragraph 2 of the previous article.

In the event that the Supreme Court grants the request, its decision relinquishes jurisdiction
immediately and definitively the jurisdiction previously
seizure, and the
knowledge of the dispute is referred to a court of the same level designated
by the court.


Chapter III: Some Special Procedures

Section I: Registration of Forgery

Article 386: Request for registration of forgery against a produced document
before the Supreme Court is submitted to the First President.
It cannot be examined
only if a fine of five hundred dirhams has been
recorded at the registry.
The First President issues either an order of rejection or an order
bearing permission to register forgery.

Article 387: The
order granting permission to register in forgery and the motion
for this purpose, are noti f
related to the defendant in the incident, within fifteen days,
with a summons to declare whether he intends to use the alleged document
false.

The defendant must respond within fifteen days, failing which the document
is excluded from the debates.

The document is also discarded and removed from the file if the response is negative.
ive.

In the case of an affirmative response, this is carried, within the time limit
i fifteen days, to the knowledge of the applicant of the incident.
The First President
then refers the parties to appeal before such
jurisdiction that it designates to be proceeded according to the law, for the judgment of the forgery.
Pre-consignment
seen in article 386 is returned to the applicant upon registration
of falsehood which triumphs.It is also returned if the part is removed from the
folder.

Section II: Rules of Judges

Article 388: The Supreme Court hears judge's regulations between jurisdictions
having no other above it
e common superior court.
Article 389: The request for settlement of judges is presented to the Supreme Court
and notified under the conditions provided for in articles 362 et seq.
vants.
If the court considers that there is no need for a ruling by judges, it issues a ruling
reasoned rejection.
Otherwise, it issues a decree which is communicated and notified to the
defendant within ten days.
This judgment suspends its date, everything continues
e and procedure, before the trial judge.
The case is then investigated under the conditions set out in the
articles 362 et seq.However, the planned deadlines are reduced by m o
itity.
Article 390: In the event of conflict between judgments or rulings that have become irrevocable
emanating from courts or courts of differing appeal
rents, the Supreme Court, seized by
request, in the forms provided for in article 354, may then, if necessary, cancel
without referral one of the two decisions before it.

Section III: Taking Party

Article 391: Magistrates may be taken to task in the following cases:

1° If there has been fraud, fraud or extortion that could be attributed to a magistrate
of the seat in the course of the
instruction or during the judgment, either to a magistrate of the
public prosecutor in the exercise of his functions;

2° If taking action is expressly provided for by a legislative provision;
3° If a legislative provision declares judges responsible barely for
damages;


4° If there is a denial of justice.

Article 392: There is a denial of justice when judges refuse to rule on the
requests or neglect to judge the cases as they stand and have
the turn of being called to
the audience has arrived.Article 393: The denial of justice is evidenced by two requisitions notified to the
judge, in person, from fortnight to fortnight.These requisitions are made under the conditions provided for the findings and
summons, by the chief registrar of the immediate jurisdiction
ement superior,
or the Supreme Court, if they are magistrates of a court of appeal or of the Court
supreme.

This will only be done upon written request from the interested party addressed
directly to the competent chief registrar.
This one, seized with
a request for the purpose of requisition, is required to grant it barely
of revocation.

Article 394: After the two requirements
ions remain without effect, the magistrate may
be taken to task.

Article 395: Actions taken against each other are brought before the Supreme Court.

To this end, a request signed by the party or an agent is presented.
designated by proxy authent
ic and special, which power of attorney is attached
to the request, as well as supporting documents, if applicable, under penalty of nullity.

Article 396: It may not be used, during this procedure, any
offensive term against
magistrates, under penalty of a fine which cannot be
greater than one thousand dirhams against the party and without prejudice to the application of the
criminal law and, if applicable, disciplinary penalties against the agent
professional.

Article 397: A decision is made on the admission of the taking into account by a chamber of
the court designated by the Prime Minister
st president.
Article 398: If the request is rejected, the applicant is condemned for the benefit of the
Treasury to a fine which cannot be less than one thousand dirhams and greater than
three thousand dirhams, without prejudice to damages to others
parties, if applicable.

Article 399: If the request is admitted, it is communicated within eight days
to the magistrate taken to task, who is required to provide all means of defense in
the eight days of this communication.

In addition, the judge must abstain from knowledge of the trial which gave rise to
taking part and even until the final judgment of this taking part
artie, of the
knowledge of all causes that the applicant or his parents online
direct or his spouse can have before the court, all under penalty of
nullity of any judgments that may occur.Article 400: The charge is brought to the hearing based on the applicant's conclusions;it is judged by the united chambers of the court at the
exclusion of the
chamber which ruled on admission.
The State is civilly responsible for convictions of damages
ages-interests
pronounced due to the facts having m
motivated the attack against the magistrates,
except its appeal against the latter.
Article 401: If the applicant is rejected, he may be sentenced to
damages to other parties.
Title III: Retraction

Article 402: Subject to the special provisions of article 379 relating to the
Supreme Court, judicial decisions which are not likely to be
attacked, either by means of
opposition, either through appeal, can make
the subject of a request for withdrawal from those who have been parties or duly called:

1° If it was decided on something not requested or awarded more than was requested
or if it was o
set to rule on one head of request;
2° If, during the investigation of the case, there was fraud;

3° If he was judged on documents recognized or declared false since the
decision rendered;

4° If, since the decision, decisive documents have been recovered which had been
retained by the opposing party;
5° If, in the same decision, there are contrary provisions;

6° If, as a result of
ignorance of a previous decision or an error of fact, he
been rendered, by the same court, between the same parties, on the same
means, two final decisions
spells that are contradictory;


7° If public administrations or incapable persons have not been validly defended.
Article 403: No request for withdrawal is accepted
able if it is not
accompanied by a receipt stating the deposit at the court registry
jurisdiction, of a sum equal to the maximum fine which can be
pronounced by application of article 407.
The deadline for filing the withdrawal request is thirty days from the date of
notification of the contested decision.However, the provisions of articles 136, 137 and 139 are applicable to the request for withdrawal.

Article 404: When the m o
The reasons for the request for withdrawal are false, fraudulent
or the open decoration of new pieces, the delay does not run
rt that from the day on which, be it
forgery, or fraud, will have been recognized or the documents discovered, provided that in
these last two cases, there is written proof of this date.However, when
the existence of criminal acts has been established by the criminal court, the time limit
only runs from the day on which the decision of the latter was rendered and passed into
force of res judicata.
Article 405: In the event that the reason invoked is the contrariety of judgments, the
The period only runs from notification of the latest decision.

Article 406: The request for withdrawal is brought before the court which
rendered the contested decision;it can be ruled there by the same judges.

She has no
suspensive effect.

Article 407: (amendment, L. end n° 14-97 promulgated D. n°1-97-153 of June 30, 1997
- 24 safar 1418: B.O June 30, 1997) The party which fails in its request for
withdrawal is sentenced to a fine of which the maximum is one thousand dirhams
before the court of first instance, two thousand five hundred dirhams before the
court of appeal and five thousand dirhams before the supreme court, without prejudice, the case
where applicable, damages to the opposing party.

Article 408: If the retraction is admitted, the decision will be retracted and the parties
will be returned to the same state they were in before this judgment
nt ;the sums
recorded will be returned and the objects of the convictions which would have been
collected under the retracted judgment will be returned.
Article 409: When the withdrawal has been pronounced for reasons of
contrariety of judgments, the judgment which welcomes it orders that the first
decision will be executed
according to its form and content.
Article 410: The merits of the dispute on which the retracted judgment will have been
rendered will be brought before the court which ruled on the withdrawal.

Title IX: Routes of Execution


Chapter One: Deposits and Receipts of Security
or Guarantee

Article 411: Judgments of the courts of first instance ordering
provide security or surety, set the
date on which the deposit must be
presented or the security deposited unless such deposit or presentation
takes place before the judgment is rendered.

In the event that the guarantee consists of a real bond, this is
filed with the court registry.

When it comes to a personal guarantee, it must be presented at the hearing
and provide all proof of its solvency, particularly with regard to its assets
real estate which must be located in the jurisdiction of the court of appeal on which depends
the court.The surety may file titles at the court office establishing his
solvency.

Article 412: Any dispute by the opposing party relating to the admission of the
surety or bond
must be formulated at the same audience and it is
ruled by the court within a week.

Article 413: As soon as the bond has been presented or a ruling has been made on the
disputes relating to his admission, the guarantor goes to the registry and declares
the
extent of its obligation as it results from the commitment admitted by the
court.This declaration is recorded by the clerk in a register kept for this purpose.
effect.This commitment, which is enforceable without judgment, is irrevocable and the
surety cannot evade it.

Article 414: The decisions of the courts ordering the provision of security or suretyship establish the time limit within which the security must be presented or the
security deposited, unless such deposit or presentation is
takes place
before the decision is rendered.
The party who must provide security or suretyship is invited either to file the
security within the time limit set, or to present the security with, if applicable,
filing of securities establishing the solvency of the guarantor.
The die
posting of the security and the deposit of securities establishing the solvency of the
personal guarantee takes place at the court registry.
If the guarantee of the deposit consists of real estate, these must be
located within the jurisdiction of the court
call.
Article 415: Immediately after the presentation of the security and the deposit if there is
takes place, of
s securities establishing its solvency, the opposing party is invited to make
know, within eight days, if she contests the deposit and, if so,
where appropriate, to be taken within the same period, to the registry, communication without
movement of securities of the surety.

If the deposit is not contested, the procedure is followed as stated in article 413.
The above provisions are applicable to security.

Article 416: If there is a dispute, the parties are notified of the day on which it will be
judged in public court.

The decision is automatically enforceable.
Article 417: If the surety or bond is admitted by the decision, it is
proceed as stated in article 413.
Article 418: Invitations and warnings addressed to the parties under the
articles which precede, are carried out under the conditions provided for by
r sections 37, 38
and 39.

Chapter II: Accountability

Article 419: The request for rendering of accounts is made
ed by the one to whom the
account is due or by its legal representative;it can be formed by making it
who wishes to obtain his release.Article 420: Accountants appointed by the courts are summoned before the
judges who have commended it
is ;the same is true of dative tutors.The tutors
wills are summoned before the judge of the place of opening of the
succession, all other accountants before the judges of their domicile.
Article 421: In the event of an appeal from a judgment which has rejected a request in
surrender of com p
yours, the invalidating judgment returns, for surrender or judgment
of the account, to the court where the request was made or to any other court of the
same degree that it designates.

If the report has been rendered and judged at first instance, the execution of the judgment
infirmative belongs to the court which made it or to a trial court
first instance
designated in the same judgment.

Article 422: Any decision convicting a fixed count, for
the rendering of the account, a period which cannot exceed thirty days, except the option
for the court seized to extend this deadline.

It appoints, to hear the account, a judge who can be chosen in a
another jurisdiction of the same level.

Article 423: The account contains actual revenue and expenditure, where appropriate
appropriate, in a particular chapter, the indication of the objects to be recovered and the
interest which would be due by the returner;it ends with the recapitulation of the
balance of said revenue and expenditure.It is accompanied by all parts
supporting documents.

Making him present and affirm the sincerity of his account, either in person or
per m
special agent, within the time limit set and on the day indicated by the appointed judge,
the parties to whom the report is made being present or duly summoned
by notification made personally or at home.


The judge draws up a report.
Article 424: If the reporting party has not presented his account within the set time limit, he is
forced by the seizure of the sale of his property, up to a sum
that the jurisdiction arbitrates.

Article 425: The account presented and affirmed, if the revenue exceeds the expenditure, the
party to whom we return the com p
you can request from the appointed judge, for the
restitution of this surplus, an enforceable order not implying approval of the account on his part.

Article 426: On the day and time indicated by the appointed judge, the parties
present before him, either in person or through my
agent, for
r formulate, the case
where applicable, grievances and observations as well as responses to the account.
The judge may, depending on the extent of the account, grant to the person to whom the account is
rendered, a deadline to formulate further observations.
The judge draws up a report relating the various arguments presented before him.

If the parties do not appear or if having presented themselves they do not agree
not, the judge sends the case back to the court which committed it to be decided
in public hearing
.

If the parties agree, they can make hom ol
sign their agreement by
court.However, the minutes signed by the parties may validly note
this agreement.

Article 427: The decision which intervenes on the rendering of the account contains the calculation of the
revenue and expenditure and sets the balance, if there is one.

Chapter III: General Rules on Forced Execution
Judgments

Article 428: (Amended, L. n° 18-82 promulgated by D. n° 1-82-222, October 5
1984 - 9 Moharrem 1405).- Court decisions are likely to be
executed for thirty years from
shot of the day they were returned;this
deadline expired, they have expired.

Any beneficiary of a court decision who wishes to pursue its execution has the right to
right to
obtain a shipment in enforceable form and as many shipments
simple as there are convicts.
The dispatch in binding form delivered bears the stamp and the
has the signature of
secretary-registrar of the court which rendered the decision as well as the mention
following: “Delivered for true copy of the original and for execution”.
Simple orders of judgment are delivered to any party involved, upon
his request.Mention is made in the file of each case of the issuance of any
simple dispatch or in enforceable form of the decision which has been rendered
due,
with the date of issue and the name of the person to whom it was made.


Article 429: (Amended, L. n° 18-82 promulgated by D. n° 1-82-222, October 5
1984 - 9 m oharrem 1405).- Judicial decisions rendered by the courts
of the Kingdom are enforceable on the whole
national territory upon requisition
of the beneficiary of the decision or his representative.
Execution is ensured by the registry of the court which rendered the judgment or,
where applicable, in accordance with the provisions of article 439 of this code.

The court of appeal may entrust the execution of its judgments to a trial court.
ier
instance.

Article 430: Court decisions rendered by foreign courts are not
are enforceable in Morocco only after having been
dressed in the exequatur by the
court of first instance of the domicile or residence of the defendant or,
default, of the place where execution must be carried out.

The court seized must ensure the regularity of the act and the competence of the
foreign jurisdiction from which it emanates.It also checks if any
stipulation of this decision does not infringe Moroccan public order.
Article 431: Unless otherwise provided in agreements
diplomats, the request is formed, by means of
query, to which are
attached:
1° An authentic copy of the decision;

2° The original of the notification or any other act in lieu thereof;
3° A certificate from the competent registry established as long as it does not exist against the decision nor
opposition, neither appeal nor cassation appeal;

4° Possibly, a com translation
complete parts in Arabic language
listed above certified as compliant by a sworn translator.

The exequatur judgment is rendered in public hearing.
Article 432: Acts performed abroad before officers or civil servants
competent public authorities are also subject to execution at the M
aroc after
the exequatur was granted, under the conditions provided for in the preceding articles.

Article 433: (Amended L. n° 18-82 promulgated by D. n° 1-82-222, October 5
1984 - 9m
oharrem 1405).- Any court decision capable of execution is
notified upon request of the beneficiary party of the decision or its
agent according to the conditions prescribed by article 440 below.
This notification is made by means of a shipment including the
intended title
in article 50 and the enforceable form, signed by the registrar and bearing the seal
of the court.

The enforceable formula reads as follows:
Consequently, His Majesty the King summons and orders all agents to this required
to put said judgment (or judgment) into execution;to the King's Attorneys General
and prosecutors of the King near the various jurisdictions of
hold your hand, everyone
commanders and officers of the public force to lend a hand when they
will be required.

The parties involved can obtain certified shipments immediately.
are
by the clerk.Article 434: If the decision, in the same procedure, was rendered for the benefit of the
parties having a distinct interest, the execution is continued against the condemned
for the totality and the products are distributed by the registry among the beneficiaries
conform
ement to the sentences handed down by the court for their benefit.
Article 435: (Amended, L. n° 18-82 promulgated by D. n° 1-82-222, October 5
1984 - 9 m oharrem 1405).- Only one shipment can be delivered in
form
and enforceable.However, the party that lost it can get a second one.
by order of the summary judge, all interested parties duly summoned.

Article 436: In the event of the occurrence of a factual or legal obstacle raised by
the parties with the aim of stopping or suspending the execution of the decision, the
president is informed of the difficulty, either by the prosecuting party, or by the
party sued, either by the agent responsible for notification or
execution of the
judicial decision.He assesses whether the alleged difficulties do not constitute a
delaying means to undermine res judicata, in which case he orders that he
is ignored.If the difficulty appears serious to him, he may order that it be
suspension of execution until a solution is reached.

No new request for suspension can be made, whatever it may be.
the mo
tif.
Article 437: The decision which pronounces a release, restitution,
payment or something else to do e pa
r a third party or at his expense, is not
enforceable by third parties or between them, even after the opposition periods or
of appeal, only on a certificate from the clerk of the court which rendered it, containing the date of notification of the decision made to the convicted party, attesting that there is no opposition or appeal against the decision.
Article 438: No movable or immovable seizure shall be carried out unless
in
under an enforceable title and for liquid and certain debts;if the debt
payable is not a sum of money, it is suspended, after the seizure, from all
subsequent proceedings, until the assessment has been made.

Article 439: Execution takes place under the conditions provided for in articles 433 and
434;however, the registry of the court from which the decision emanates may give
delegation to the registry of the judicial district in which the execution must
be continued.

Article 440: The officer responsible for execution notifies the condemned party of the
decision that
he is responsible for executing.He orders her to release herself immediately.
field or to make known its intentions.

If the debtor requests delays, the agent reports to the president who authorizes it,
by order, to securely seize the debtor's property if this measure
appears necessary to safeguard the rights of the beneficiary of the decision.
If the debtor refuses to discharge himself or declares himself incapable of
and do, the agent
execution proceeds as described in the chapter on means of execution.
Article 441: Regarding notification of a judgment
nt or a stop, the deadlines
no appeal or appeal runs against the party to whom the decision was made.
notified to the curator, only after display of the said decision on the board, intended for
for this purpose, of the jurisdiction which rendered it, for a period of thirty days and
publication at the advanced expense of the party benefiting from the judgment or ruling,
by any means of publicity in relation to the importance of the matter.


The completion of these formalities by the registrar and attested by him, confer on
the decision finality by allowing execution.
Article 442: In the event that the beneficiary of a decision dies
e before his
execution, his heirs report it to the president by providing proof of their
quality;if there is a dispute about the justification of this quality, the
judge decides that the execution will be continued but that the proceeds will be recorded in the
graft.

He orders the agent responsible for execution to carry out a precautionary seizure
to safeguard the rights
of the inheritance.
Article 443: In the event of death of the accused before execution tot a
the or partial,
the agent responsible for execution notifies the decision to the known heirs even if it
had already been done to their author, for the purposes of execution under the conditions provided for in
article 440 and the assets of the estate must be subject to seizure
conservatory.

The forced execution begun against the defendant, on the date of his death, is
continued against his estate.

If the act of execution cannot take place without the defendant being called and
we do not know who the heir is or where he resides, it is done by everyone
means in its search.It is the same
even if the defendant dies before the execution begins
and if the
heir is unknown or his residence is unknown.
Article 444: If the execution is subject to the taking of an oath or to the
production of
security by the creditor, it can only begin as long as he
is justified.
Article 445: Execution is ensured on movable property.She is being pursued
on immovable property, in the event of
insufficiency or non-existence of assets
furniture.
However, if the debt is accompanied by real estate security, the execution
is being pursued v
ie directly on the building which is encumbered by it.
Article 446: When the defendant is required to deliver a thing
furniture or a quantity of things m
finished obiliers or things
fungible, restoration is made to the creditor.
Article 447: When the defendant is required to deliver, assign or abandon
a building, possession is restored
is to the creditor.Movable things
which are not included in this execution must be returned to the
continued or made available to it for a period of eight days.If the latter
refuses to receive them, they are sold at auction and the net price is
recorded at the registry.
Article 448: When the accused refuses to fulfill an obligation to do
or contravenes an obligation not to do, the agent
responsible for execution
notes in his minutes and reports to the president, who pronounces
a penalty if this had not been done.


The beneficiary of the decision may, in addition, request an award of damages from the court which issued it.
Article 449: The third party who is in possession of the thing on which the execution
is pursued life cannot, because of
a right of pledge or a privilege that he
would claim to have over this thing, to oppose the seizure, except, for him, to assert
its rights at the time of distribution of the prize.
Article 450: The agent responsible for execution is authorized by the president to
open the doors of houses and rooms
bers as well as furniture for the
ease of searches, to the extent that the interests of execution require it.

Article 451: Except in cases of necessity duly recognized by order of the president, a seizure cannot be initiated before five o'clock and after twenty-one
one hour, nor take place on a specific public holiday
ined by law.

Chapter IV: Movable and Real Estate Seizures


Section I: Preservative Seizures

Article 452: The conservatory seizure order is made upon request by the
president of the court of first instance.This order must state, at
m
or approximately, the amount of the debt for which the seizure is
authorized.The order is notified and executed without delay.
Article 453: Preservative seizure has the exclusive effect of taking control of
justice movable property and i
movables to which it relates and to prevent the
debtor to dispose of it to the detriment of his creditor;consequently, all
alienation granted for consideration or free of charge, while there is a
conservatory seizure, is null and void.

Article 454: The garnishee remains in possession of his property until conversion of the
precautionary seizure in another seizure, unless
it is not otherwise
ordered and that a judicial receiver be appointed.

He can, consequently, enjoy it as a good father and appropriate the fruits;
he remains prohibited from granting a lease without judicial authorization.Any contract
which relates to a business or to elements of this fund is not
enforceable against the creditor who has carried out a precautionary seizure on the said
funds or on the element which is the subject of the above-mentioned contract.

Article 455: If the protective seizure concerns movable property which is
find e
In the hands of the accused, the agent responsible for execution proceeds, by
minutes, upon their collection and lists them.
If it concerns jewelry or precious objects, the report contains, as much as
possible, their description and estimate
ation of their value.
If it is a business, the report contains the description and estimate of the tangible elements of the business.The same is true when the entry
was confined to
any of the elements.

In the cases provided for in the preceding paragraph, the report is tr
written, at the
diligence of the agent responsible for execution, in the commercial register, to assert
with regard to the intangible elements of the said fund also seized.This
transcription is carried out even if the merchant or company
commercial would have neglected to comply with the provisions of the legislation
making registration of traders and companies compulsory
commercial on the commercial register.


If the conservatory seizure concerns a registered or current building
of imma
triculation, the decision ordering it is, to the diligence of its benefi
ciary,
deposited with the land registry for registration in the land register.
If the precautionary seizure concerns a building other than those referred to in paragraph
above, the minutes of the
ends with the indication of the place where it is located,
its limits, its capacity if possible, as well as any useful references.
A copy of the seizure order and the report are sent by
the enforcement officer to the president of the court of first instance, to the
purposes of registration in a special register which is kept available to the public;the
advertising is, in addition, ensured, for a period of fifteen days, by means of
posting to this court, at the expense of the prosecutor.


Article 456: If the effects or immovables belonging to the defendant against whom
the preservation order has been issued are in the hands of a
third party, the enforcement agent notifies the latter of said order and
hand over copy.By the effect of this order, the third party is constituted guardian of the object or
the seized building, at m
unless he prefers to return the object to the agent.
He is required, under his personal responsibility, to only relinquish it if he is
authorized by justice.
Article 457: Upon notification, the garnishee provides, if it concerns
effects
furniture, a detailed state of these objects and recalls the other seizures which would have
been previously practiced in his hands and would still be valid;if he
in the case of real estate, he surrenders the title deeds he holds, unless he
prefers, after inventory, to be made the holder.
A report of his declarations is drawn up to which the documents are annexed
supporting documents.Everything is filed within eight days at the court registry.
competent
.


Article 458: The following cannot be seized:
1° Bedtime, clothing and cooking utensils necessary for cooking and
his family
ille;

2° The tent serving as their shelter;
3° The books and tools necessary for the profession of the seized person;

4° Food for one month for the sa isi and his dependent family;

5° Two cows and six sheep or six goats of the seized person's choice and, in addition, one
horse or mule o
u a camel or two donkeys of the owner's choice, with straw,
fodder and grains necessary for bedding and food for said animals
for a month;

6° The seeds necessary for sowing an area equal to the property
family;

7° The share of the khammès, except in the eyes of the boss;all without prejudice
provisions relating to family property.


Section II: Seizures and Execution

Article 459: Seizure and execution cannot be extended beyond what is necessary to satisfy the creditor.
to protect and cover the costs of execution
forced.This is not done if the sale of the seized objects cannot be expected at a later date.
proceeds greater than the amount of the costs of compulsory execution.
A: Seizures m
obiliers:

Article 460: If, upon notification provided for in Article 440, the debtor refuses
to free himself or if he has not kept the commitments he made to free himself,
that
whether or not there has been a conservatory seizure, it is carried out by the agent responsible for
execution upon seizure of the property of the pursuer in accordance with the requirements
of articles 455 and 456.


Article 461: With the exception of cash which is given to the agent responsible for execution, animals
seized items and items may be left in the custody of the
continued if the creditor consents or if another way of proceeding is to
likely to result in high costs;they can also be entrusted to a guardian
after proofing if necessary.

The guardian is prohibited, on pain of replacement and damages, from
use or benefit from seized animals or objects, unless authorized by the parties.
Article 462: After proofing, the seized goods are sold at auction
public, at mid
them from the interests of the debtor.
The sale takes place after the expiration of a period of eight days from
end of the day of
seizure, unless the creditor and the debtor agree to fix another
time limit or modification of the time limit is necessary to avoid the dangers
of a significant depreciation or to avoid disproportionate custody costs
with the value of the thing.


Article 463: Auctions take place at the nearest public market or wherever
they are judged to produce the best result.The date and place of
auctions are brought to the attention of the public by all means of
advertising in relation to the importance of the seizure.

Article 464: The
object of sale is awarded to the highest bidder and is only delivered
against cash payment.

In the absence of payment, the item is returned
is for sale, immediately, at the expense and risk
of the defaulting buyer, who is liable for the difference between the price he had
consented and that achieved by rem
is for sale if it is lower, without being able to
claim the excess if there is one.
When a buyer having paid the price does not take delivery of the item within
the deadline set
under the conditions of sale, this object is also returned
sale;however, the proceeds of these new auctions are kept at the registry at
account of the first purchaser.

Article 465: Harvests and fruits close to maturity may be seized
before being separated from the fund.

The seizure report contains an indication of the building on which the
located the crops or fruits, its situati on, the n a
ture and importance at least
approximate estimate of the harvests and fruits seized.They are, if necessary, placed under
the supervision of a guard.


The sale takes place after the harvest, unless the debtor finds the sale on
more advantageous foot.
Article 466: When
there is a previous seizure relating to all the furniture
of the pursued, the creditors having the right of forced execution cannot
had
that intervene for the purposes of opposition in the hands of the agent responsible for execution, release of the seizure and distribution of funds.They have the
right to monitor the procedure and to request its continuation in the absence of
diligence of the first seizer.

Article 467: If the second request for seizure is more extensive, the two seizures
are gathered at m
unless the sale of previously seized objects is already
announced.Nevertheless, this second request is worth opposition on the funds
of sale and gives rise to distribution.

Article 468: When third parties claim to be owners of the seized furniture, they
is, after seizure, suspended by the agent responsible for executing the sale if, however, the
dema
nd distraction is accompanied by sufficiently consistent evidence;
in the event of a dispute, it is ruled by the president.


If the latter grants the suspension, the request for distraction must be introduced by
the claimant to the court of the place of
execution within a week to
from the order, failing which, the proceedings are continued.

Prosecutions are only possibly resumed after judgment on this
dema
nde.

B: Real estate foreclosures:
Article 469: Except with regard to creditors benefiting from security
real, the v e
forced entry of buildings can only be pursued in the event of
insufficient movable property.

If the building has previously been seized conservatively, the agent responsible for
execution notifies, in the form
e ordinary, the conversion of this seizure into seizure
real estate, to the accused in person, at his home or residence.If this notification cannot take place in accordance with the provisions of paragraph
precedent, it is proceeded as it is said in
section 39.

Article 470: If the real estate has not been seized conservatively,
the agent responsible for the
execution places them under the control of justice by seizure
real estate whose report must indicate the notification of the judgment, the
presence or absence of the accused in the seizure operations, the situation and the
limits as precise as possible of the building, the rights attached to it and
the charges which burden it, as far as they could be known, the leases
consented and, if applicable, its status with regard to land registration.


If the seizure is carried out in the absence of the accused, it is notified in the
conditions provided for in paragraph 3 of the
section 469.

The report is registered with the enforcement agent by the
conservator on the land title, in accordance with the legislation in force or, if
the building is not registered, transcribed in the special register of the court of
first instance and published under the conditions provided for in article 455, last
paragraph.

Before proceeding with the seizure, the enforcement agent is given the title deeds.
property by their holder to ensure coherence
communication to bidders.
The seizure can nevertheless relate to any property, even not included in the titles.
and appearing to belong to the debtor, by virtue of an authorization which is issued
by the president of the court of the place of execution, at the request of the prosecutor,
if he declares to request this seizure at his own risk.

Article 471: If the debtor reveals the existence of
'a mortgagee
holder of the title deeds, the next party appeals to the court
competent to obtain the deposit of these titles, as well as the indication both by the
debtor than by the mortgagee of the charges which encumber the property and
rights attached to it.

If the debtor declares
re having lost the title deed or not having one and if it
is a building registered or in the process of being registered, the president
issues an order requiring the land conservation conservator to
send him a certificate of ownership or a copy of the documents deposited with
supporting the registration requisition depending on the case.

If it is an unregistered building, the enforcement agent seizes the
president of the court of li
had the situation of the building in order to
proceed with the posting of the seizure and the opening of the sale procedure at the seat of this jurisdiction for a period of one month.

Article 472: In the event of a second seizure of real estate, the procedure is
conformity of articles 466 and 467.

Article 473: In case of joint ownership
on and to enable them to take part in
the award, the agency
t responsible for execution notifies, as far as possible, the
co-owners of the continued execution measures of which the latter is the subject.

Article 474: As soon as the real estate seizure is carried out or at the expiration of the
one month delay
is provided for in the last paragraph of article 471, the agent responsible for
execution, after having established the specifications, proceeds at the advanced costs of the
creditor, legal publicity.The notice of the auction indicates the date
opening of the auction, the filing in the registry offices of the minutes
of seizure and title deeds and sets out the conditions of the sale.

Notice of the auction and sale is made known to the public:
1° By display:
a) At the door of the seized person's home and on each of the seized buildings, as well
only in the neighboring markets of each of these buildings;
b) In a special setting reserved for displays, at the court of first instance
of the place of execution;

c) In the offices of the ad authority
local ministerial authority.
2° By all other means of dissemination (insertions in the press, press releases
radio broadcasts...), possibly ordered by the president, following
im
bearing of the seizure.

Bids are received by the executing agent until the closing of the contract.
minutes of award and recorded, in order of date, at the bottom of the minutes
verbal entry.
Article 475: If, at the time of seizure, the properties are not rented or leased, the
continued to pursue them
act as receiver until the sale and this at
m
unless otherwise ordered.Leases may be canceled by the
court, if the creditor or the successful bidder demonstrates that they have been passed
fraud of their rights, without prejudice to the provisions of articles 453 and 454.


From the notification of the seizure to the defendant, any alienation of the building is prohibited under penalty of nullity.The fruits and income of the said building
are imm
obligated for the part which corresponds to the period following the
notification and are distributed at the same rank as the price of this building.

Notice given to farmers and tenants, in the ordinary forms of
notifications, by the enforcement agent, constitutes garnishment in their hands
sums that they would have paid in good faith before notification for
the period after this.


Article 476: The adjudication takes place at the registry which carried out the procedure and where the
report is filed, thirty days after notification of the seizure provided for in
the article
e precedent.This delay may, however, due to circumstances, be
extended by reasoned order of the President for a period which cannot
exceed a total of ninety days, the thirty-day period being included.
Within the first ten days of this period, the enforcement agent notifies the pursuer vi
or to whom for him, under the conditions provided for in the
article 469, the fulfillment
publicity formalities and gives him notice of having to appear on the appointed day
for the award.

In the last ten days of this same period, he summons for the same
date, the pursuit v
i and the bidders who came forward in accordance with the
last paragraph of article 474.

Article 477: If, on the day and time fixed for the adjudication, the defendant has not
not released, the ag
ent responsible for execution, after having recalled which building is
to be awarded, the charges imposed on it, the price set for the auction in
the specifications or, where applicable, the existing offers and the final deadline
to receive new offers, award at the extinction of three candles of a
duration of approximately one minute each and lit successively, to the highest bidder and last solvent bidder or providing solvent security and draws up proceedings
verbal of the award.

The auction price is payable at the registry within ten days after
the award.The successful bidder
it, moreover, balance
r the costs of the procedure
of execution which, duly taxed by the magistrate, were announced before the adjudication.
Any successful bidder has the right to declare an order within forty-eight
hours of the auction.

Article 478: (amended, D. n° 1-93-2 06 of September 10, 1993 - 22 rebia I 1414-
art 2) The date set for an award may only be modified by
order of the president of the first court
1st instance of the place of execution
rendered at the request of the parties or the enforcement agent, but only for
serious and duly justified causes and, in particular, in the absence of offers or if the
offers are clearly insufficient.

Article 479: Any person may, within ten days from
the auction, make a higher bid, so that it is one-sixth higher
at the sale price in principal and expenses.

The higher bidder makes a written commitment to remain successful bidder for the amount of the price.
x of the first auction increased by the
overbidding.At the end of a period of thirty days, an award shall be made
definitive.It is announced, published and followed
life as it was prescribed for
first auction.

Article 480: The auction report constitutes: 1° In favor of the seized person and his beneficiaries, a title for payment of the price;
2° In favor of the successful bidder, a title deed.
The report recalls the causes of the property seizure, the procedure followed
and the award made.
He doesn't
is returned, with the titles of the seized person, only upon justification of the accomplishment
conditions of the award.

Article 481: The award does not transmit to the successful bidder any other rights to the
property than those belonging to the seized person.


Article 482: When a third party claims that
the seizure was carried out on
buildings belonging to him, he has, to have the said seizure annulled, an action in
claim.

This action can only be brought until the final award;she has
as a result the suspension
on of the enforcement procedure with regard to
the claimed property, if it is accompanied by documents giving it a
appearance of validity.
Article 483: The claimant must, to cause the suspension of the
procedure, introduce
his action before the competent court and file without
deadline for documents;the sa isi and the creditor suing ivant are called to the
next hearing useful to contradict, and if the court considers that there is no
instead of suspending the real estate seizure procedure, its judgment is
provisionally enforceable notwithstanding opposition or appeal.


Article 484: Means of nullity against the real estate seizure procedure
must be presented by written request before the adjudicator
saying;it is carried out, in
this matter, as stated in the preceding article for the claim action.
The plaintiff who loses is ordered, in one or the other case, to pay the costs
caused by the resumption of operations, without prejudice to damages.

Article 485: If the successful bidder does not
does not execute the clauses of the award, he
a summons is given to comply with it;failure by him to obey this summons
within ten days, the
building is put up for sale at its own risk.

Article 486: The resale procedure consists solely of a
new advertisement, which is followed by a new auction within the deadline
thirty days.This advertisement includes
ore, in addition to the ordinary statements relating to
the building, the
indication of the amount of the first auction and the date of the
new award.
However, the defaulting bidder may stop the procedure until the day of
new award by justifying having satisfied the conditions of the award from which he was the beneficiary and having paid the costs incurred through his fault.
Article 487: The new award has the effect of retroactively resolving
the first
re.
The defaulting bidder is liable for the less difference between his price and that of the new sale, without being able to claim the additional difference which is
would produce.

Chapter V: Garnishments

Article 488: Any natural or legal person holding a certain debt
may, with the permission of the judge, seize and arrest in the hands of a third party the
sums and effects belonging to his debtor and oppose their delivery.

However, the following are non-transferable and unseizable:
1° Compensation declared unseizable by law;

2° Alimony;

3° Amounts advanced or reimbursed for office, tour, equipment, travel or transport expenses;
4° The amounts
allocated as reimbursement of advances made or
fee payments exposed to
occasion of his work by a worker, employee or
clerk: 5° The amounts
allocated, as reimbursement
ent of advances made or
payment of costs to be incurred for the performance of a public service or costs
exposed during their service by civil servants and auxiliary agents;

6° All compensation, allowances and all salary supplements or accessories
or salaries allocated due to family responsibilities;

7° The death benefit established by the Viziriel decree of Safar 22, 1369 (December 4
1949),
amended by Decree No. 2-61-207 of 30 kaada 1380 (May 16, 1961) in
in favor of the beneficiaries of civil servants and certain agents who died in
service activity;8° State civil pensions established by law no. 011-71 of 12 kaada 1391
(December 30, 1971), except under the conditions provided for in article 39 of the said
law;

9° Military pensions governed by law n° 013-71 of 12 kaada 1391 (30
December 1971), except under the conditions provided for in
article 42 of the said law.
10° Retirement or disability pensions from the private sector, even if the
beneficiary does not have
You participated through payments in their constitution.However,
the seizure and transfer of these pensions may be carried out in the same
conditions and limits that for remuneration, the limit of seizure or
transfer that can be made for the benefit of hospital training or
old people's retirement homes for payment of hospitalization costs or
of stay, 50% if the holder is married and 90% in other cases;

and, generally speaking, all things declared as such by law.

Article 489: The debtor may receive from the garnishee the non-seizable portion of his wages, wages or salaries, but any other payment made to him
by the garnishee would be void.Article 490: Transfer or seizure
amounts owed to contractors or
successful bidders for works having the character of public works only have effect
subject to receipt of said work and after collection, in the order of
preference, below, of all
Amounts that may be due:


a) To workers and employees for their salaries or as paid vacation compensation or compensation
compensation for leave due to this work;
b) To suppliers of materials and other objects used in the making of the works to be paid for.

Article 491: Garnishment takes place, either by virtue of an enforceable title, or by virtue of an order from the president of the court.
trial court awarded
upon request and to refer in case of difficulty.

Article 492: The garnishment is notified to the debtor by one of the agents of the registry
which delivers an extract of the title,
there is one, or copy of the authorization of the
magistrate;it is notified to the garnishee or, if it concerns wages or
salaries, to his representative or responsible for the payment of said salaries and
processing, in the place where the garnishee works;she states the sum for
which it is formed.

Article 493: Any garnishment is registered at the registry, on its date, and in a register
special.If i
If other creditors arise, their claim, signed and declared
sincere by them and accompanied by documents likely to put the judge in a position to
make the assessment of the claim, is entered by the clerk in the said register;the
clerk limits himself to giving notice within forty-eight hours to the debtor seized
and to the garnishee, by registered letter or notification which constitutes opposition.

Article 494: (amended, Dahir carrying law n° 1-93-346 of September 10, 1993 - 22
rebia I 1414) Within eight days following the notifications provided for in article
492, the president summons the parties to a future hearing.

If they agree on the distribution of the garnished sums, trial
verbal is drawn up and the distribution slips are immediately
delivered.If there is disagreement, both on the claim itself and on the trigger
aration
affirmative of the garnishee, or if, among the parties, there are defaulters, the case is referred to a new hearing already fixed,
where the reconvoked parties are heard contradictorily, both on the
validity only on the nullity or release of the seizure and on the declaration
affirmative that the garnishee must make or renew immediately.

The non-appearance of the seized third party or his failure to declare involves
condemn
enforceable ation, against him, of the deductions not made and the costs.

The judgment rendered will be executed as soon as the appeal deadline has expired,
complied
ment to article 428 of this code.
The provisions of the third paragraph of this article are not applicable
to orders and judgments rendered in matters of alimony, therefore
that there is no dispute about the trigger
affirmative aration.
The holder of the seized funds immediately remits the sums to the person concerned.
set by the judge, within the limit of the amount declared
are, after closing of the
procedure provided for in paragraphs 1 and 2 of this article.Article 495: If there is sufficient sum to satisfy all objections
recognized as valid, the garnishee is validly released between the m a
ins of
opponents for the amount of their debts in principal and accessories decided by the courts.

If the sum is insufficient, the garnishee validly releases himself by depositing it with the
registry where it is the subject of a
distribution by contribution.
Article 496: In any event, the garnishee debtor may appeal for interim relief
in order to obtain the
authorization to touch the garnishee, notwithstanding the opposition, to the
condition of deposit at the registry or in the hands of a third party designated by agreement
parties, sufficient sums, arbitrated by the president, to respond
possibly the causes of the garnishment, in the case where he recognizes himself or
would be recognized as debtor.

Mention of the order issued must be made in the register provided for in article
493.

From the execution of the interim order, the garnishee will be discharged and
the effects of the garnishment will be
transported to the third party holder.

Chapter VI: Garnishment
Article 497: (amended, D. n° 1-93-2 06 of September 10, 1993 - 22 rebia I 1414-
art 2) The lessor of all or part of a building or rural property as
owner or to
Any other quality may, with the permission of the President of the
court of first instance seize as security for rents or leases
expired, effects, furniture and fruits furnishing the rented premises or located on the land.

This seizure can, with the same permission, extend to property
ships which
furnished the house or were used for rural exploitation, when they were
displaced, without the consent of the lessor, who retains his
privilege, as it results from the legislation applicable in the case.

Article 498: (amended, D. n° 1-93-2 06 of September 10, 1993 - 22 rebia I 1414-
art 2) When the main tenant or the farmer has himself granted a sub-contract
rental, seizure may, with the permission of the president
tooth of the court of first
instance, extend to the effects of the sub-tenants furnishing the premises by them
occupied, as well as the fruits of the land they sublet, for security of rent
and rents owed by the main tenant;however, subtenants may
obtain release of this seizure, by justifying that they have paid, without fraud, the
rents owed by them to the main tenant;however, they cannot oppose
payments that they would have made in advance.

Article 499: The seizure is requested by a request, in the same
forms of seizure and execution;seized it p
could be constituted guardian.

The seized objects can, however, only be sold after the seizure
was validated by decision of the court of first instance of the place where the seizure was
been carried out, the debtor having been duly called.
Chapter VII: Seizure-Claim

Article 500: (amended, D. n° 1-93-2 06 of September 10, 1993 - 22 rebia I 1414-
art 2) Any person who claims a right of ownership, legal possession
or pledge, on a movable thing which is held by a third party, can make
put this thing under the control of justice to avoid its dissipation.
The request must be presented to the president of the court of first instance of
place where the seizure must be made.

This request must designate at least
summary description of the claimed movables,
the causes of the seizure and the
indication of the person with whom it must be
practiced.The president of the court of first instance issues an order authorizing the
seizure, which she is born
notified to the holder of the furniture, in the usual manner.
Article 501: (amended, D. n° 1-93-2 06 of September 10, 1993 - 22 rebia I 1414-
art 2) If the holder claims to oppose the seizure, the seizure is suspended.
execution and
difficulty is brought before the president of the court of first instance who authorized the seizure.However, the enforcement agent may place a guard
at the doors until a decision is made.Article 502: The seizure-claim is made in the same forms as the
seizure and execution;the one on whom it is operated may be consti
killed guard.
The request for validity is brought before the court of first instance whose
President has issued the order referred to in Article 500.
However, if it is related to a proceeding already pending, the request for
validity must be presented
before the court seized of it.
Article 503: The judgment on validity establishes the right of the claimant, if he
esteem it well founded, e
orders that the furniture will be returned to him.


The decision is made as a last resort or subject to appeal, according to the rules
ordinary business
ence according to the value of the furniture claimed.
Chapter VIII: Distributions of Pence
Article 504: If the amount of the money seized or the sale price of the
seized items is not enough to fully pay the creditors who have
revealed, these are
required to agree with the garnishee, within thirty days
from the notification made to them at the request of the president of the
competent jurisdiction, distribution by contribution.
Article 505: In the absence of agreement within the said deadline, a distribution procedure is opened
n per contribution.
Article 506: This procedure is opened at the registry of the court of first
instance.
Article 507: The opening of the distribution procedure is brought to the
public knowledge through two publications made ten days apart, in
a newspaper designated for the insertion of legal announcements.

It is, moreover, displayed pen
for ten days in a special setting, in the
premises of the competent court.

All creditors must produce their securities, under penalty of forfeiture, within the deadline of
thirty days after this publication.

Article 508: (amended, D. n° 1-93-2 06 of September 10, 1993 - 22 rebia I 1414-
art 2) At the expiration of the production deadline, it is drawn up by the president of the
court of first i
nstance in view of the documents produced, a draft regulation
that the creditors and the garnishee are invited, by registered letter or by notice
made in the ordinary form of notifications, to be examined and contradicted, if there is
place, within thirty days from receipt of the letter or notice.

Failure by the producing creditors and by the garnishee to make communication and
to contradict within the time limit i above im party, they are considered co
even foreclosed.

Article 509: Contradictions, if any, are brought to the court hearing
competent.They are judged as a last resort or subject to appeal according to the ordinary rules of jurisdiction and the amount of the disputed sums.The call is
formulated, where applicable, within thirty days from notification.

Article 510: When the final regulation has become res judicata,
delivery slips
bution are delivered to interested parties.
They are signed by the president and payable to the cash register of the court.
who proceeded.

Distribution fees are always collected first.
line on the amount to
distribute.

Title X: Some General Provisions


Article 511: All time limits set for the exercise of a right by the provisions
of this code, are assigned under penalty of forfeiture.

Article 512: All deadlines provided for in the pr
These codes are clear deadlines;the
day of delivery of the summons, notification, warning or
any other act, done to person or dom
here, and the due date does not enter
not taken into account.
If the last day of the deadline is a public holiday, the deadline is extended until the first day
ier
non-public day.Article 513: Are considered public holidays for the purposes of this
code every day declared as such by a provision l é
scabies.

Article 514: Each time the action taken before the courts aims
to have an adm declared a debtor to the State
public institution, office or
public establishment of the State, in a matter foreign to tax and
areas, the judicial agent of the Treasury must be called into question as soon as
of inadmissibility of the request.
Article 515: (supplemented by Law No. 48-01 promulgated by Dahir No. 1-02-12
of January 29, 2002 - 15 kaada 1,422 (B.O of February 21, 2002)

Are assigned:
1° The State, in the person of the Prime Minister, responsible for making
represented by the competent minister
it is applicable;
2° The Treasury, in the person of the general treasurer;
3° Local authorities in the person of the governor with regard to
prefectures and provinces and in the person of the president of the municipal council in
what concerns the
s communes;


4° Public establishments in the person of their legal representative.
5° The tax department, in the person of the tax director for the
disputes in tax matters falling under its co
skill.
Article 516: Summons, notifications, communications, summons, notices
and warnings concerning either s incapable, s o
it of companies,
associations and all other legal persons, are addressed to their
legal representatives taken in this capacity.

Article 517: By way of derogation from the rules of jurisdiction provided for in this code,
when
a magistrate of a court of appeal or a court of first instance or
his c
spouse is a party to a lawsuit either as plaintiff or as
as defendant, the First President of the Supreme Court, seized by
the person concerned, issues an order designating the jurisdiction which will be responsible for the
procedure, outside the jurisdiction of the court of appeal where the magistrate exercises his
functions.

Any decision rendered in the absence of this order is void.

Article 518: Requirements governing communication
territorial jurisdiction and domicile
provided for by this code, are established taking into account
pte of provisions
following which determine the legal conditions of domicile and residence
within the meaning of Moroccan civil legislation.
Article 519: The domicile of any natural person is the place where he has his
habitual habitation and the center of its affairs and interests.


If the person has his habitual residence in one place, and the center of his business
in another, she is
considered to be domiciled with regard to its rights of
family and her personal assets, where she has this habitual habitation and
with regard to the rights relating to her professional activity where she has the
center of its occupations and interests, without any nullity being incurred by
a procedural document delivered indifferently to one or the other address.
Article 520: Residence is the place where the person is actually located at a
moment of
finished.

Article 521: The legal domicile of an incapable person is instead of the domicile of his
guardian.
The dom
The legal location of a public official is the place where he performs his duties.
Article 522: Unless otherwise stated
legal ions to the contrary, the domicile of a company is at the
place where its head office is located.

Article 523: Any natural person who does not have a legal domicile may
change domicile.This change
operates through effective transfer and without
fraud in another place of habitual habitation and the center of business and
interests.

Article 524: When a special domicile has been elected for the execution of certain acts or for the fulfillment of the facts and obligations resulting therefrom,
this do
micile prevails over real domicile or legal domicile.
Article 525: Any foreigner may have a domicile in Morocco by
conform to
nt to the special regulations governing his stay in the Kingdom.
The rules determining the place of one's domicile or residence are the same
than those which govern nationals.
Unless proven otherwise, the
foreigner meeting these conditions is presumed to possess
his domicile or residence in Morocco.
This article is not
does not apply to foreigners who exercise a conferred function
by a national or international organization.

Article 526: The Moroccan who establishes his main residence in a foreign country does not
does not lose his domicile in Morocco if he exercises a function in the foreign country
official which was conferred on him by a Moroccan public body or
international.

This domicile is either at the headquarters of the public body which employs him, or at the headquarters
from his adm.
original administration, or, if he is in the service of an organization
international, the consular department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in
Flap.
Article 527: When it comes to receiving a testimony, a ser
ment, a deposit,
to carry out an examination of a party, to appoint one or more experts
and, generally, to carry out, by virtue of an order, a judgment or a ruling, any operation and that the parties or places in dispute are
too far away, the judges can commit a neighboring jurisdiction or a judge,
according to the requirement of the cases;they can even authorize a court to appoint
one of its members to carry out the ordered operations.


The letters rogatory which must be executed outside the Kingdom are
conveyed by diplomatic or compliant channel
ment to conventions
diplomatic.Article 528: In all cases where the exercise of a remedy includes
toe
obligation to pay a court fee or payment of a deposit,
this formality must, under penalty of nullity, be completed before the expiration of the legal deadlines for exercising the appeal.

* * *



General table of contents of the civil procedure code


First Title
(Articles 1 to 10)


Item

Chapter I: Preliminary provisions 1 to 5

chapter II: The role of the public prosecutor before civil courts 6 to 10


Title II

From the jurisdiction of jurisdictions 11 to 30
Chapter I: General provisions 11 to 17

Chapter II: Competence due to subject 18 to 26

Section 1: Jurisdiction of the courts of first instance 18 to 23

Section 2: The jurisdiction of the courts of appeal 24
Section 3: Provisions common to
various jurisdictions 25 and 26 Chapter III: Jurisdiction t
erritorial .27 to 30


Title III


From the procedure before the courts of first instance 31 to 147



Chapter I: From the introduction to instances 31 to 41
Chapter II: Hearings and judgments 42 to 54
Chapter III: Instructional measures 55 to 102

Section 1: General provisions 55 to 58

Section 2: Expertises 59 to 66

Section 3: Site visits
67 to 70
Section 4: Inquiries 71 to 84 Section 5: Oath of Parts 85 to 88

Section 6: Verification of entries and the false incident 89 to 102


Chapter IV: Incidents, intervention,
Resumptions of proceedings and withdrawals 103 to 123
Section 1: From the accusation 103 to 108

Section 2: Lis pendens and connectivity 109 to 110
Section 3: Voluntary intervention
and covers of
instance 111 to 118

Section 4: Disclaimer 119 to 123


Chapter V: Costs 124 to 129
Chapter VI: From the opposition 130 to 133
Chapter VII: From appeal 134 to 146

Chapter VIII: Provisional execution 147


Title IV


Procedures in the event of an emergency order for payment procedure 148 to 165


Chapter I: Orders upon request and
findings 148 Chapter II: Summary proceedings 149 to 154

Chapter III: The order for payment procedure 155 to 165



Title V

Special procedures 166 to 327

Chapter I: Possessory actions 166 to 170
Chapter II: Payment offers and consignment 171 to 178

Chapter III: Procedures in m a
personal status 179 to 268
Section 1: General provisions 179 to 180
Section 2: Guardianship 181 to 196
Section 3: From
ban 197 to 200
Section 4: The sale of movable objects belonging to
incapable 201 to 206
Section 5: Judicial sale of real estate belonging to
incapable 207 to 211

Section 6: Divorce 212 to 216 Section 7: Judicial declarations of civil status and rectifications of acts of
civil status
217 to 220
Section 8: Affixing seals after death - opposition to seals
of the lifting of seals 221 to 240
Section 9: Of
inventory 241 to 242
Section 10: Liquidation and sharing 243 to 262 Section 11: Absence 263 to 266
Section 12: The vocation of the State to collect an inheritance 267 to 268



Chapter IV: Procedure in social matters 269 to 294
Chapter V: Recusals 295 to 299
Chapter VI: Judges’ regulations
300 to 302

Chapter VII: Of the third opposition 303 to 305
Chapter VIII: From arbitration 306 to 327


Title VI


From the procedure before the court of appeal 328 to 352
Chapter I: From
instruction of procedures 328 to 336
Chapter II: Court judgments 337 to 349
Chapter III: Resumption of proceedings and withdrawal 350
Chapter IV: Costs 351

Chapter V: Of the opposition 352


Title VII


From the Supreme Court 353 to 401

Chapter I: Competence 353

Chapter II: From procedure 354 to 385
Chapter III: Some special procedures 386 to 401
Section 1: Of the registration of forgeries 386 to 387 Section 2: Of the rules of judges 388 to 390 Section 3: Of taking part 391 to 401


Title VIII


From retraction 402 to 410

Title IX

Execution routes 411 to 510

Chapter I: Deposits and receipt of security or surety 411 to 418

Chapter II: Surrenders of com p
yours 419 to 427

Chapter III: General rules on the forced execution of judgments 428
at 451

Chapter IV: Movable and immovable seizures 452 to 487
Section 1: Precautionary seizures 452 to 458
Section 2: Seizures and execution 459 to 487 A: Seizures of movable property 460 to 468
B: Property seizures
469 to 487



Chapter V: Garnishments 488 to 496
Chapter VI: From the sa isie-gagerie 497 to 499

Chapter VII: Seizure-claim 500 to 503
Chapter VIII: Distributions
deniers 504 to 510


Title

Some general provisions 511 to 528
