is required during the process. They are equally held to give [preter] their assistance to the execution of the judgments. Article 127 The ordinary or specialized jurisdictions are created by the law. Jurisdictions of exception may not be created. Article 128 The judicial police act under the authority of the public ministry and of the examining judges [juges d'instruction] in all which concerns the inquiries and the investigations necessary to research the infractions, to the arrest of the delinquents and for the establishment of the truth. Morocco 2011 Page 32 constituteproject.org PDF generated: 06 Jun 2017, 22:19 Title VIII: Of the Constitutional Court (cid:127)Establishment of constitutional court Article 129 A Constitutional Court is instituted. Article 130 (cid:127)Constitutional court term limits (cid:127)Eligibility for const court judges (cid:127)Constitutional court selection (cid:127)Constitutional court term length (cid:127)Standing committees The Constitutional Court is composed of twelve members appointed for a mandate of nine years non-renewable. Six members are designated by the King, of which one member is proposed by the Secretary General of the Superior Council of the Ulema, and six members are elected, half by the Chamber of Representatives, [and] half by the Chamber of Councilors from among the candidates presented by the Bureau of each Chamber, at the end of a vote by secret ballot and with the majority of two-thirds of the members composing each Chamber. If the two Chambers of Parliament or one of them do not elect the members specified within the legal time required for the renewal, the Court exercises their attributions and renders its decisions on the basis of a quorum not counting the members not re-elected. Each category of members is renewed by thirds every three years. The President of the Constitutional Court is appointed by the King, from among the members composing the Court. The members of the Constitutional Court are chosen from among the notable persons disposing of a high attainment of knowledge [formation] in the juridical domain and of a judicial competence, doctrinal or administrative, having exercised their profession for more than fifteen years, and recognized for their impartiality and their probity. Article 131 (cid:127)Constitutional court removal (cid:127)Eligibility for const court judges (cid:127)Constitutionality of legislation An organic law determines the rules of organization and of functioning of the Constitutional Court, as well as the procedure which is followed before it and the situation of its members. It determines equally the incompatible functions, of which[,] notably[,] are those relative to the liberal professions, establishes the conditions of the two first triennial renewals and the modalities of replacement of the members impeached [empeches], [who] have resigned, or [who] have died in the course of the mandate. Article 132 (cid:127)Powers of cabinet (cid:127)Constitutional court powers (cid:127)Constitutional interpretation (cid:127)Referenda (cid:127)Constitutionality of legislation The Constitutional Court exercises the attributions which are devolved on it by the Articles of the Constitution and the provisions of the organic laws. It decides, moreover, on the regularity of the election of the members of Parliament and of the operations of referendum. The organic