• the effective participation in the legislative procedure, notably by inclusion [inscription] of proposals of law in the agenda of both Chambers of the Parliament; (cid:127)State operation of the media • the effective participation in the control of the governmental work, notably (cid:127)Legislative oversight of the executive by way of [a travers] the motions of censure and the interpellation of the Government, [and] the oral questions addressed to the Government and the parliamentary commissions of inquiry; • the contribution to the proposing of candidates and to the election of members of the Constitutional Court; • an appropriate representation in the internal activities of both Chambers of the Parliament; (cid:127)Legislative committees • the presidency of the commission in charge of the legislation in the Chamber of Representatives; • disposal of means appropriate to assume its institutional functions; • the active participation in parliamentary diplomacy with a view to the defense of just causes of the Nation and of its vital interests; Morocco 2011 Page 6 constituteproject.org PDF generated: 06 Jun 2017, 22:19 • the contribution to the structuring and the representation of the citizens [feminine] and citizens [masculine] in the work of the political parties which it forms and this, in accordance with the provisions of Article 7 of this Constitution; • the exercise of power in the local, regional and national plans, by way of democratic alternation, and within the framework of the provisions of this Constitution. The groups of the opposition are held to provide [apporter] an active and constructive contribution to the parliamentary work. The modalities of exercise, by the groups of the opposition, of the rights provided for above[,] are established, as is the case, by the organic laws, by the laws or additionally, by the internal regulations of each Chamber of the Parliament. Article 11 Free, honest and transparent elections constitute the foundation of the legitimacy of democratic representation. The public powers are held to observe strict neutrality vis-à-vis the candidates and the non-discrimination between them. (cid:127)State operation of the media The law defines the rules guaranteeing equitable access to the public media and the full exercise of the freedoms and of the fundamental rights linked to the electoral campaigns and to the operations of the vote. The authorities in charge of the organization of the elections see to the application of these rules. (cid:127)International law The law defines the conditions and the modalities of independent observation and neutrality of the elections in accordance with the recognized international norms. Any person who infringes the provisions and rules of probity, of honesty and of transparency of the elections is punished by the law. The public powers implement the measures necessary for the promotion and the participation of the citizens [feminine] and citizens [masculine] in the elections. Article 12 The associations of civil society and the non-governmental organizations are constituted and exercise their activities in all freedom, within respect for the Constitution and for the law. They may not be dissolved or suspended, by the public powers, except