the Unit in accordance with this article may be appealed before the competent administrative court. Article 29: The managers or agents of the subjected persons who knowingly, either inform the person concerned, or a third party, about the suspicious transaction report on that person, or provide her with information on actions taken upon the report or who use deliberately information collected for purposes other than those of this chapter, shall be 23 subject to the sanctions laid down in article 446 of the Penal Code, except if the facts constitute an offence that is more severely sanctioned. Article 30: If afterward, either due to a serious lack of diligence, or to a deficiency in the internal control system, a subjected person does not execute the obligations of this chapter, the Unit shall refer its case to the competent body empowered to control and sanction the said person, to impose sanctions against it, on the basis of the law that applies to that person. Article 31: In order to facilitate international cooperation on money laundering, provisions of articles 595-6, 595-7 and 595-8 of the Penal Procedure Code shall also be applied in the fight against money laundering. CHAPTER III: SPECIAL PROVISIONS OF TERRORISM OFFENCES Article 32: This Law shall be applied to acts and operations specified in article 574-1 of the Penal Code, when the origin of properties or products is related to a terrorism offence or when the said acts or operations are intended to finance terrorism as provided in Chapter I bis of Part I of Book III of the Penal Code, approved by Dahir No. 1-59-413 of 26 November 1962. Article 33: The subjected persons, in accordance with article 2 of Chapter II of this Law, shall ensure due diligence and internal monitoring and make suspicious transaction reports on acts and operations meeting the definition of article 32 above. 24 Article 34: The suspicious transaction reports must be referred to the Financial Information Processing Unit. The Unit may receive information specified in articles 9, 15, 22 and 24 of this Law when it has to deal with cases referred to in article 32 above. Once the information collected by the Unit reveal facts that may constitute an offence of terrorism financing, the Unit shall refer it to the General Public Prosecutor at the Court of Appeal of Rabat, specifying, if need be, the administrations, public institutions and other legal persons of public or private law that provided the Unit with the relevant information or documents. The General Public Prosecutor shall notify the Unit of all the decisions taken upon the cases referred to it in accordance with the provisions of the 2st paragraph of this article. The Unit may appeal against the execution of any transaction subject of a suspicious transaction report that can be related to one or many offences referred to in article 218- 4 of the Penal Code. The execution of this transaction shall be postponed for a period not exceeding two working days, starting