of Knowledge and of Scientific Research [Conseil superieur de l'education, de la formation et de la recherche scientifique] is created. This Council constitutes a consultative instance charged to give its opinion on all the public policies and on all the questions of national interest concerning education, teaching and scientific research, as well as on the objectives and the functioning of the public services responsible [charges] in these domains. It contributes equally to the evaluation of the public policies and programs operating [mends] in these domains. Morocco 2011 Page 41 constituteproject.org PDF generated: 06 Jun 2017, 22:19 Article 169 The Consultative Council of the Family and of Childhood [Conseil consultatif de la famille et de l'enfance], created by virtue of Article 31 of this Constitution, has for its mission to assure the following of the situation of the family and of childhood, giving its opinion on the national plans relative to these domains, of animating the public debate on family policy and to assure the attention to [suivi] the realization of national programs, initiated by the various [differents] competent departments, structures and organs [organismes]. Article 170 The Consultative Council of Youth and of Associative Action [Conseil consultatif de la jeunesse et de l'action associative], created by virtue of Article 33 of this Constitution, is a consultative instance within the domains of the protection of youth and of the promotion of associative life. It is charged to study and to follow the questions [of] interest to these domains and to formulate the proposals on any subject of economic, social and cultural order [of] direct interest to youth and associative action, as well as the development of the creative energies of youth, and their inducement [incitation] to participation in the national life, in the spirit of responsible citizenship. Article 171 (cid:127)Counter corruption commission (cid:127)Human rights commission (cid:127)Media commission (cid:127)Ombudsman The laws establish the composition, the organization, the attributions and the rules of functioning of the institutions and instances specified in Articles 161 to 170 of this Constitution and, the case arising, the case of incompatibilities. Title XIII: Of the Revision of the Constitution Article 172 (cid:127)Constitution amendment procedure (cid:127)Referenda The initiative of the revision of the Constitution belongs to the King, to the Head of Government, and to the Chamber of Representatives and to the Chamber of Councilors. The King can submit directly to referendum the bill of revision of which He takes the initiative. Article 173 (cid:127)Constitution amendment procedure The proposal of revision emanating from one or several of the members of one of the two Chambers of Parliament may only be adopted by a vote with the majority of two-thirds of the members who compose it. This proposal is submitted to the other Chamber which adopts it with the same majority of two-thirds of the members who compose it. The proposal of revision emanating from the Head of Government is submitted to the Council of Ministers, after deliberation in the Council of Government. Morocco 2011 Page 42 constituteproject.org PDF generated: 06