2011 Page 9 constituteproject.org (cid:127)Regulation of evidence collection PDF generated: 06 Jun 2017, 22:19 [invocation] at the demand [charge] of whosoever. (cid:127)Freedom of movement The freedom to circulate and to establish oneself on the national territory, to leave it and to return, in accordance with the law[,] is guaranteed to all. Article 25 (cid:127)Right to academic freedom (cid:127)Reference to art (cid:127)Freedom of expression (cid:127)Freedom of opinion/thought/conscience The freedoms of thought, of opinion and of expression under all their forms[,] are guaranteed. (cid:127)Reference to science The freedoms of creation, of publication and of presentation [exposition] in literary and artistic maters and of scientific and technical research[,] are guaranteed. Article 26 (cid:127)Reference to art (cid:127)Right to culture (cid:127)Reference to science The public powers lend, by appropriate measures, their support to the development of cultural and artistic creation, and of scientific and technical research, as well as to the promotion of sports. They favor the development and the organization of these sectors in independent manner and on democratic and specific professional bases. Article 27 (cid:127)Right to information The citizens [feminine] and citizens [masculine] have the right of access to information held by the public administration, the elected institutions and the organs [organismes] invested with missions of public service. The right to information may only be limited by the law, with the objective [but] of assuring the protection of all which concerns national defense, the internal and external security of the State, and the private life of persons, of preventing infringement to the fundamental freedoms and rights enounced in this Constitution and of protecting the sources and the domains determined with specificity by the law. Article 28 (cid:127)Freedom of press The freedom of the press is guaranteed and may not be limited by any form of prior censure. (cid:127)Freedom of expression All have the right to express and to disseminate freely and within the sole limits expressly provided by the law, information, ideas and opinions. The public powers encourage the organization of the sector of the press in an independent manner and on democratic bases, as well as the determination of the juridical and ethical rules concerning it. The law establishes the rules of organization and of control of the means of public communication. It guarantees access to these means respecting the linguistic, cultural and political pluralism of the Moroccan society. (cid:127)State operation of the media In accordance with the provisions of Article 165 of this Constitution, the High Authority of Broadcasting [Haute autorite de la communication audiovisuelle] sees to respect for this pluralism. Article 29 (cid:127)Freedom of assembly (cid:127)Freedom of association The freedoms of reunion, of assembly, of peaceful demonstration, of association and of syndical and political membership [appartenance], are guaranteed. The law establishes the conditions of the exercise of these freedoms. Morocco 2011 Page 10 constituteproject.org PDF generated: 06 Jun 2017, 22:19 (cid:127)Right to strike The right to strike is guaranteed. An organic law establishes the conditions and the modalities of its exercise. Article 30 All the citizens [feminine] and the citizens