political instruction [formation] of the citizens [feminine] and citizens [masculine], for the promotion of their participation in the national life and the management of public affairs. They concur in the expression of the will of the electors and participate in the exercise of power, on the basis of pluralism and of alternation by democratic methods, within the framework of the constitutional institutions. Their constitution and the exercise of their activities are free, within respect for the Constitution and for the law. (cid:127)Restrictions on political parties The regime of [a] sole party is illegal. (cid:127)International human rights treaties The political parties may not be founded on a religious, linguistic, ethnic or regional basis, or, in a general manner, on any discriminatory basis or [basis] contrary to the Rights of Man. (cid:127)Prohibited political parties They may not have for [an] objective [but], infringement to the Muslim religion, to the monarchical regime, to the constitutional principles, to the democratic foundations or to the national unity and territorial integrity of the Kingdom. The organization and functioning of the political parties must conform to democratic principles. Morocco 2011 Page 5 constituteproject.org PDF generated: 06 Jun 2017, 22:19 An organic law determines, within the framework of the principles enounced in this Article, the regulations concerning[,] notably[,] the constitution and activities of the political parties, of the criteria of concession of financial support of the State, as well as the modalities of control of their financing. Article 8 (cid:127)Right to join trade unions The union organizations of wage-earners, the professional associations [chambers] and the professional organizations of employers contribute to the defense of and to the promotion of[,] the socio-economic rights and interests of the categories which they represent. Their constitution and the exercise of their activities, within respect for the Constitution and for the law, are free. The structures and functioning of these organizations must conform to democratic principles. The public powers work for the promotion of collective negotiation and to the encouragement of the conclusion of collective labor agreements [conventions] within the conditions provided for by the law. The law determines[,] notably[,] the regulations relative to the constitution of the union organizations, to the activities and to the criteria of concession of financial support of the State, as well as the modalities of control of their financing. Article 9 (cid:127)Regulation of political parties The political parties and the union organizations may not be dissolved or suspended by the public powers except by virtue of a decision of justice. Article 10 The Constitution guarantees to the parliamentary opposition a status conferring on it the rights that will permit it to appropriately accomplish the missions that accrue to it in the parliamentary work and political life. It guarantees, notably, to the opposition the following rights: • the freedom of opinion, of expression, and of assembly; (cid:127)Telecommunications • air time [temps d'antenne] at the level of the official media, proportional to its representation; (cid:127)Campaign financing • the benefit of public finance, conforming to the provisions of the law;