or through or outside Morocco of an illegal shipment or a shipment suspected of being so, without being seized or after being removed or replaced in whole or in part, under the supervision of the competent authorities, in order to identify its final destination, to investigate an offence, to identify and to arrest the offenders and those involved in. For the purposes of this section, shall be meant by illegal shipment, things or funds whose detention is an offence, or which are the product of the offence or used or had to be used to commit the offence. Article 82-2: The controlled delivery shall be authorized by the General Public Prosecutor at the Court of Appeal. The Judicial Police shall proceed to the execution of the authorization referred to above and inform the General Public Prosecutor of any taken measure. At the end of the operation of the controlled delivery, the Judicial Police officers shall prepare a report or reports describing the taken measures, which are communicated to the Public Ministry that granted the authorization. 3 Judicial Police officers and agents shall be required to keep confidential the measures provided in this section. Article 82-3: The General Public Prosecutor who authorized the controlled delivery shall postpone any measure of investigation related to the controlled delivery operation or related to the arrest of the offenders and those involved in, until he ensures the arrival of the shipment to its final destination. CHAPTER VII OF CONTROLLED DELIVERY Article 749-1: A foreign State may request from the Moroccan competent authorities the execution of a controlled delivery operation inside the Kingdom of Morocco. The controlled delivery requests submitted from a foreign State shall be executed within the territory of the Kingdom of Morocco in accordance with the provisions of the single section, Chapter III, Part II, Book I of this law, relative to the controlled delivery and in accordance with the national legislation. The General Public Prosecutor at the Court of Appeal cannot authorize the controlled delivery before the approval of the Minister of Justice. However, controlled delivery requests cannot be executed if their execution is likely to affect the sovereignty of the Kingdom of Morocco, its security, its public order or its other fundamental interests. 4 Article 749-2: The General Public Prosecutor who authorizes the controlled delivery shall postpone any measure of investigation, related to the controlled delivery operation authorized upon request of a foreign State or related to the arrest of the offenders and those involved in, until he makes sure of the arrival of the shipment to its final destination and, if need be, until the intervention of foreign authorities competent in this field. To this end, the General Public Prosecutor may agree with the authorities of the foreign State on a common date and modalities of intervention. The General Public Prosecutor may also entrust the competent Judicial Police services to coordinate with their foreign counterparts a common date and modalities of the intervention. Law # 43-05 as amended and completed