laws before their promulgation and the regulations of the Chamber of Representatives and of the Chamber of Councilors, before their implementation, must be submitted to the Constitutional Court which decides on their conformity to the Constitution. To the same ends, the laws, before their promulgation, may be deferred to the Constitutional Court by the King, the Head of Government, the President of the Morocco 2011 Page 33 constituteproject.org PDF generated: 06 Jun 2017, 22:19 Chamber of Representatives, the President of the Chamber of Councilors, or by one-fifth of the members of the Chamber of Representatives or forty members of the Chamber of Councilors. In the case provided for in the second and third paragraphs of this Article, the Constitutional Court decides within a time of one month counting from its referral to [the matter]. However, at the demand of the government, if there is urgency, this time is reduced to eight days. In these same cases, the referral of [the matter] to the Constitutional Court suspends the time period for promulgation. It decides on the regularity of the election of the members of the Parliament within a time of one year, counting from the date of expiration of the legal time of recourse. However, the Court can decide beyond this time, by substantiated decision, in the case where the number of recourses or their nature requires it. Article 133 (cid:127)Constitutional interpretation (cid:127)Constitutionality of legislation The Constitutional Court is competent to take cognizance of a pleading [exception] of unconstitutionality raised in the course of a process, when it is maintained by one of the parties that the law on which the issue of the litigation depends, infringes the rights and freedoms guaranteed by the Constitution. An organic law establishes the conditions and modalities of application of this Article. Article 134 (cid:127)Constitutionality of legislation A provision declared unconstitutional on the foundation of Article 132 of this Constitution may not be promulgated or implemented. A provision declared unconstitutional on the foundation of Article 133 is abrogated counting from the date specified by the Constitutional Court in its decision. The decisions of the Constitutional Court are not susceptible to any recourse. They impose themselves on the public powers and on all the administrative and jurisdictional authorities. Title IX: Of the Regions and of the Other Territorial Collectivities Article 135 (cid:127)Municipal government (cid:127)Subsidiary unit government The territorial collectivities of the Kingdom are the regions, the prefectures, the provinces and the communes. They constitute moral persons of public law, which democratically administer [gerent] their affairs. The Councils of the regions and of the communes are elected by direct universal suffrage. Any other territorial collectivity is created by the law, the case arising, in substitution of one or more [of the] collectivities mentioned in the first paragraph above. Morocco 2011 Page 34 constituteproject.org PDF generated: 06 Jun 2017, 22:19 Article 136 (cid:127)Reference to fraternity/solidarity The regional and territorial organization is based [repose] on the principle of free administration, of cooperation and of solidarity. It assures the participation