period not exceeding fifteen (15) days after the expiration of the first deadline. Such order shall be immediately enforceable. If no objections are filed or if, after the expiration of the objection deadline, no order of the President of the Court is given to the subjected person who made the suspicious transaction report, the subjected person can execute the transaction. Article 18: Once the information collected by the Unit reveal facts that may constitute a money laundering offence, the Unit shall refer it to the Public Prosecutor at the Court of First Instance of Rabat, specifying, if need be, the administrations, public institutions and other legal persons of public or private law that provided the Unit with the relevant information or documents. The Public Ministry shall notify the Unit of all the decisions taken upon the cases referred to it in accordance with the provisions of the 1st paragraph of this article . Article 19: The Public Prosecutor may order, during the investigation phase for a period that does not exceed one month, renewable once: 19 1) the freeze by temporarily prohibiting the transfer, conversion, disposition or movement of properties, or 2) the designation of an institution or a private organization in order to ensure temporarily the custody or control of properties. The investigating judge may designate an institution or a private organization in order to ensure temporarily the custody or control of properties. The Public Prosecutor or the investigating judge may also order the seizure of properties belonging to the natural or legal persons suspected of being involved with persons, organizations or activities related to the money laundering offences, even if they are not committed inside the territories of the Kingdom. Article 20: All persons participating in the works of the Unit and more generally all persons that, in any capacity, are to know or use information related to the mission of the Unit, shall be strictly bound by the professional secrecy under the terms and conditions of article 446 of the Penal Code. These persons cannot, even after leaving office, use the information they may have knowledge of, for purposes other than those stipulated in this chapter. Article 21: Information gathered by the Unit and the supervision and control authorities from the subjected persons cannot be used for purposes other than those stipulated in this chapter. However, notwithstanding the previous paragraph, the Unit shall be entitled to send the documents and information collected during the performance of its missions to the 20 Public Prosecutor or the investigating judge, upon their request and for the execution of their duties, except the suspicious transaction report. Article 22: To achieve its missions, the Unit shall have a staff composed of agents especially authorized thereto by the Unit. Administrations, public institutions and other legal persons governed by public or private law shall: - provide the Unit, upon its request, with any documents and information likely to facilitate the accomplishment of its missions; - Inform the Unit of any non-compliance with the provisions