case of disagreement, the Constitutional Court decides, within a time of eight days, at the demand of the President of one or the other Chamber of the Parliament or of the Head of Government. Article 80 (cid:127)Legislative committees The bills and proposals of law are submitted for examination to the commissions, of which [such] activity is pursued between the sessions. Morocco 2011 Page 23 constituteproject.org PDF generated: 06 Jun 2017, 22:19 Article 81 (cid:127)Legislative committees (cid:127)Head of government decree power (cid:127)Standing committees The government can adopt [prendre], in the interval of the sessions, with the agreement of the commissions concerned of the two Chambers, decree-laws which must be, in the course of the following ordinary session of the Parliament, submitted to the ratification of it. The bill of decree-law is deposited with the Bureau of the Chamber of Representatives. It is examined successively by the concerned commissions of the two Chambers with a view to reaching a common decision within a time of six days. In default [of this], the decision is taken by the commission concerned of the Chamber of Representatives. Article 82 (cid:127)Standing committees The agenda of each Chamber is established by its Bureau. It includes the bills [projets] of law and the proposals [propositions] of law, by priority and in the order that the government has established. One day per month at least is reserved for the examination of the proposals of law of which are [of] the opposition. Article 83 (cid:127)Powers of cabinet (cid:127)Legislative committees The members of each Chamber of the Parliament and the government have the right of amendment. After the opening of the debate, the government can oppose the examination of any amendment which has not been previously submitted to the interested commission. If the government demands it, the Chamber referred to a text for discussion, decides by one sole vote on all or part of it, only retaining in it the amendments proposed or accepted by the government. The concerned Chamber can oppose this procedure with the majority of its members. Article 84 (cid:127)Division of labor between chambers (cid:127)Organic laws Any bill or proposal of law is examined successively by the two Chambers of the Parliament to reach the adoption of an identical text. The Chamber of Representatives deliberates first and successively on the bills of law and on the proposals of law initiated by its members; the Chamber of Councilors deliberates first and successively on the bills of law as well as on the proposals of law initiated by its members. One Chamber referred to a text voted by the other Chamber, deliberates on the text which has been transmitted to it. The Chamber of Representatives adopts in last resort the text examined. The vote may only take place with the absolute majority of the members present, whenever it deals with a text concerning the territorial collectivities and the domains related to [afferents] regional development and to social affairs. Article 85 (cid:127)Constitutional interpretation (cid:127)Organic laws (cid:127)Standing committees (cid:127)Constitutionality of legislation The