length transmitted from father to son through male descendants in direct line and by order of primogeniture of His Majesty The King Mohammed VI, unless the King has designated, in His lifetime, a successor from among His sons, other than His eldest son. When there are no male descendants in direct line, the succession to the Throne is devolved in the closest male collateral line and in the same conditions. Article 44 (cid:127)Constitutional court powers (cid:127)Head of government powers (cid:127)Minimum age of head of state The King is a minor until reaching eighteen years [of age]. During the minority of the King, a Council of the Regency [Conseil de Regence] exercises the powers and the constitutional rights of the Crown, except those relative to the revision of the Constitution. The Council of the Regency shall function as [a] consultative organ before the King until the day [when] he has attained the age of eighteen years. The Council of the Regency is presided over the President of the Constitutional Court. It is composed, moreover, of the Head of Government, of the President of the Chamber of Representatives, of the President of the Chamber of Councilors, of the President-Delegate of the Superior Council of the Judicial Power [President-delegue du Conseil Superieur du Pouvoir Judiciare], of the Secretary General of the Superior Council of the Ulema and of ten prominent persons [personnalites] appointed by the King intuitu personae. The rules of functioning of the Council of the Regency are established by an organic law. Article 45 (cid:127)Head of state powers The King disposes [disposes] of a civil list. Article 46 (cid:127)Head of state immunity The person of the King is inviolable, and respect is due Him. Morocco 2011 Page 14 constituteproject.org PDF generated: 06 Jun 2017, 22:19 Article 47 (cid:127)Cabinet removal (cid:127)Establishment of cabinet/ministers (cid:127)Cabinet selection (cid:127)Head of government selection (cid:127)Head of government's role in the The King appoints the Head of Government from within the political party arriving legislature ahead in the elections of the members of the Chamber of Representatives, and with a (cid:127)Head of government replacement view to their results. On proposal of the Head of Government, He appoints the members of the government. The King can, on His initiative, and after consultation with the Head of Government, terminate the functions of one or more members of the government. The Head of Government can demand of the King to terminate the functions of one or more members of the government. The Head of Government can demand of the King to terminate the functions of one or more members of the government who make their individual or collective resignation. Following the resignation of the Head of Government, the King terminates the functions of the whole of the government. The government which has been terminated in its functions expedites the current affairs until the constitution of the new government. Article 48 (cid:127)Establishment of cabinet/ministers (cid:127)Head of government powers The King presides over the Council of Ministers composed of the Head of Government