engaged citizenship, where the exercise of the rights is made in correlation to the accomplishment of the duties. Article 38 (cid:127)Duty to serve in the military All the citizens [feminine] and the citizens [masculine] contribute to the defense of the Country and of its territorial integrity against any aggression or threat [menace]. Article 39 (cid:127)Duty to pay taxes All support, in proportion to their contributive faculties, the public expenditures [charges] which only the law may, in the forms provided by this Constitution, create and assess [repartir]. Article 40 (cid:127)Reference to fraternity/solidarity All support with solidarity and proportionally to their means, the expenses that the development of the country requires, and those resulting from calamities and from natural catastrophes. Title III: Of the Royalty Article 41 (cid:127)Head of state decree power (cid:127)Head of state powers The King, Commander of the Faithful [Amir Al Mouminine], sees to the respect for Islam. He is the Guarantor of the free exercise of beliefs [cultes]. He presides over the Superior Council of the Ulema [Conseil superieur des Oulema], charged with the study of questions that He submits to it. The Council is the sole instance enabled [habilitee] to comment [prononcer] on the religious consultations (Fatwas) before being officially agreed to, on the questions to which it has been referred [saisi] and this, on the basis of the tolerant principles, precepts and designs of Islam. The attributions, the composition and the modalities of functioning of the Council are established by Dahir [Royal Decree]. The King exercises by Dahirs the religious prerogatives inherent in the institution of the Emirate of the Faithful [Imarat Al Mouminine] which are conferred on Him in exclusive manner by this Article. Morocco 2011 Page 13 constituteproject.org PDF generated: 06 Jun 2017, 22:19 Article 42 (cid:127)Name/structure of executive(s) (cid:127)Head of state decree power (cid:127)Head of state powers (cid:127)International law The King Head of State, His Supreme Representative, Symbol of the unity of the Nation, Guarantor of the permanence and of the continuity of the State and Supreme Arbiter between the institutions, sees to respect for the Constitution, to the good functioning of the constitutional institutions, to the protection of democratic choice and of the rights and freedoms of the citizens [feminine] and citizens [masculine], of the collectivities, and to respect for the international commitments of the Kingdom. He is the Guarantor of the Independence of the country and of the territorial integrity of the Kingdom within its authentic frontiers. The King exercises these missions by Dahirs by virtue of the powers that are expressly devolved to him by this Constitution. The Dahirs, with the exception of those provided for in Articles 41, 44 (2nd paragraph), 47 (1st and 6th paragraphs), 51, 57, 59, 130 (1st and 4th paragraphs) and 174, are countersigned by the Head of Government. Article 43 (cid:127)Scheduling of elections (cid:127)Political theorists/figures (cid:127)Head of state selection (cid:127)Eligibility for head of state (cid:127)Head of state replacement The Crown of Morocco and its constitutional rights are hereditary and are (cid:127)Head of state term