can only be refused or the text rejected with the absolute majority of the members composing the Chamber of Representatives. The vote may only intervene three working days after the question of confidence has been posed. The refusal of confidence results in the collective resignation of the government. Article 104 (cid:127)Constitutional court powers (cid:127)Head of government decree power (cid:127)Dismissal of the legislature The Head of Government can dissolve the Chamber of Representatives, by decree taken in the Council of Ministers, after having consulted the King, the President of that Chamber and the President of the Constitutional Court. The Head of Government presents before the Chamber of Representatives a declaration concerning[,] notably[,] the reasons for and the objectives [buts] of the decision of dissolution. Morocco 2011 Page 28 constituteproject.org PDF generated: 06 Jun 2017, 22:19 Article 105 (cid:127)Cabinet removal (cid:127)Head of government removal The Chamber of Representatives can engage [mettre en cause] the responsibility of the government by the vote of a motion of censure. This is only receivable if it is signed by one-fifth at least of the members composing the Chamber. The motion of censure is only approved by the Chamber of Representatives by a vote taken with the absolute majority of the members that compose it. The vote may only intervene three working days after the deposit of the motion. The vote of censure results in the collective resignation of the government. When the government is censured by the Chamber of Representatives, no motion of censure by this Chamber is receivable during a time of one year. Article 106 (cid:127)Legislative oversight of the executive The Chamber of Councilors can interpellate the government by means of a motion signed by one-fifth at least of its members. It can only be voted three working days after its deposit, by the absolute majority of the members of this Chamber. The text of the motion of interpellation is immediately addressed by the President of the Chamber of Councilors to the Head of Government who is provided with a time of six days to present before this Chamber the response of the government. This is followed by a debate without vote. Title VII: Of the Judicial Power Of the Independence of Justice Article 107 (cid:127)Judicial independence The judicial power is independent of the legislative power and of the executive power. The King is the guarantor of the independence of the judicial power. Article 108 (cid:127)Supreme court term length (cid:127)Ordinary court term length The presiding magistrates [du siege] are irremovable. Article 109 (cid:127)Judicial independence Any intervention in the matters submitted to justice is forbidden. In his judicial function, the judge may not receive injunction or instruction, nor be submitted to any pressure whatever. Each time that he considers that his independence is threatened, the judge must refer [the matter] to the Superior Council of the Judicial Power [Conseil Superieur du pouvoir judiciare]. Any breach [manquement] on the part of the judge of his duties of independence and of impartiality, constitutes a grave professional fault,