and of the ministers. The Council of Ministers meets on the initiative of the King or on the demand of the Head of Government. The King can, on the basis of a specific [determine] agenda, delegate to the Head of Government the presidency of a Council of Ministers. Article 49 (cid:127)Constitution amendment procedure (cid:127)Central bank (cid:127)Budget bills (cid:127)Establishment of cabinet/ministers (cid:127)Powers of cabinet The Council of Ministers deliberates on the following questions and texts: (cid:127)Emergency provisions (cid:127)Head of government powers • the strategic orientations of the policy of the State; (cid:127)Subsidiary unit government (cid:127)Power to declare/approve war • the bills of revision of the Constitution; • the bills of organic laws; • the general orientations of the bill of the law of finance; • the bills of framework law [loi-cadre] provided for by Article 71 (2nd paragraph) of this Constitution; • the bill of law of amnesty; • the bills of texts relative to the military domain; • the declaration of the state of siege; • the declaration of war; • the bill of decree provided for by Article 104 of this Constitution; • the appointment, on the proposal of the Head of Government and at the initiative of the minister concerned, to the following civil offices [emplois]: wali of Bank AI-Maghrib, ambassadors, walis and governors, and responsible [persons] of the administrations charged with internal security, as well as the responsible [persons] of the public strategic establishments and enterprises. An organic law specifies [precise] the list of these strategic establishments and enterprises. Morocco 2011 Page 15 constituteproject.org PDF generated: 06 Jun 2017, 22:19 Article 50 (cid:127)Head of state decree power The King promulgates the law within the thirty days which follow the transmission to the government of the law definitively adopted. The law so promulgated must be made the object of publication in the Bulletin officiel of the Kingdom within a time not exceeding one month counting from the date of the Dahir of its promulgation. Article 51 (cid:127)Head of state decree power (cid:127)Dismissal of the legislature The King can dissolve, by Dahir, both Chambers of the Parliament or one of them within the conditions provided by Articles 96, 97 and 98. Article 52 (cid:127)Head of state powers The King can address messages to the Nation and to the Parliament. The messages are read before either Chamber and may not be made the object of any debate. Article 53 (cid:127)Designation of commander in chief (cid:127)Selection of active-duty commanders The King is the Supreme Head of the Royal Armed Forces. He appoints to the military offices [emplois] and can delegate this right. Article 54 (cid:127)Head of government powers (cid:127)Head of state powers (cid:127)Advisory bodies to the head of state A Superior Council of Security [Conseil superieur de securite] is created, as the instance of coordination [concertation] concerning the strategies of internal and external security of the country, and of management of crisis situations. The Council sees equally to the institutionalization of the norms of a good security governance. The King presides