must be subject to a special examination by the subjected person. In this case, the subjected persons shall obtain information from the customer about the origin and destination of such amounts and the identity of the beneficiaries. The characteristics of the operation shall be recorded in a document and stored by the subjected persons under the conditions laid down in article 7 above. SUBSECTION 2: Suspicious Transaction Report Article 9: The subjected persons shall make a suspicious transaction report to the Unit on: 1) All amounts, operations or attempts to carry out operations suspected of being related to one or many offences laid down in articles 574-1 and 574-2 above ; 2) Any operation which the identity of its ordering party or the beneficiary is doubtful. 14 The indications to be on the suspicious transaction report shall be defined by the Unit referred to in article 14 below. Subjected persons must provide the Unit with the identity of managers and agents duly entitled to make suspicious transaction reports and to ensure contact with the said Unit, in addition to a description of the internal diligence system they implement to ensure compliance with the provisions of this chapter. Article 10: The suspicious transaction report, referred to in article 9 above, shall be in writing. However, in an emergency, it can be made orally, but subject to a written confirmation. The Unit shall acknowledge receipt of the suspicious transaction report in writing. When the suspicious transaction report involves an operation that has not yet been executed, it must include an indication of the deadline of execution of the transaction, which cannot be, in any case, lower than the deadline laid down in article 17 below. The suspicious transaction report must not be on file when it is communicated to the Public Ministry or to the investigating judge. Article 11: The suspicious transaction report shall also concern already executed transactions that were impossible to delay. Alike when it appeared, after the completion of the transaction that the amounts in question result from money laundering. 15 SUBSECTION 3: INTERNAL MONITORING OBLIGATIONS Article 12: The subjected persons must have internal measures of diligence, of detection, of surveillance and of risks’ management linked to money laundering. Persons entitled to make a suspicious transaction report referred to in paragraph 1 of article 9 above, shall:  centralize information collected on transactions with an unusual or complex characteristic;  inform regularly their managers, in writing, on transactions carried out by customers presenting a high risk profile. Article 13: The subjected persons shall be required to report to the Unit and to the supervision and control authorities referred to in article 13-1 below, upon their request, within the deadlines they set, all documents and information necessary to accomplish their missions, laid down in this Law. The professional secrecy cannot be brought by the subjected persons against the Unit or against the supervision and control authorities. Article 13.1: The supervision and control authorities referred to in article 13 above are: