adaptation; (cid:127)Reference to science • to facilitate the access of the young to culture, to science, to technology, to art, to sports and to leisure, all in creation of propitious conditions for the full deployment of their creative and innovative potential in all these domains. A Consultative Council of Youth and of Associative Action [Conseil consultatif de la jeunesse et de l’action associative], is created to this effect. Article 34 The public powers enact [elaborent] and implement the policies designed [destinies] for persons and for categories of specific needs. To this effect, it sees notably: (cid:127)State support for the elderly • to respond to [traiter] and provide for the vulnerability of certain (cid:127)State support for children categories of women and of mothers, of children, and of elderly persons; (cid:127)State support for the disabled • to rehabilitate and integrate into social and civil life the physically sensory-motor [sensorimoteurs] and mentally handicapped and to facilitate their enjoyment of the rights and freedoms recognized to all. Article 35 (cid:127)Right to own property The right to property is guaranteed. (cid:127)Protection from expropriation The law can limit the extent of it and the exercise of it if the exigencies of economic and social development of the country necessitate it. Expropriation may only proceed in the cases and the forms provided by the law. (cid:127)Protection of environment The State guarantees the freedom to contract and free competition. It works for the (cid:127)Right to competitive marketplace (cid:127)Ownership of natural resources realization of a lasting human development, likewise to permit the consolidation of social justice and the preservation of the national natural resources and of the rights of the future generations. The State looks to guarantee the equality of opportunities for all and [to] one specific protection for the socially disfavored categories. Article 36 (cid:127)Right to competitive marketplace The infractions relative to conflicts of interest, to insider crimes [delits d'initie] and all infractions of financial order are sanctioned by the law. The public powers are held to prevent and to reprimand, in accordance with the law, all forms of delinquency arising from the activity of the administrations and of the pubic organs [organismes], from the use of funds which they control [disposent], as well as from transfers [passation] and from the management of public markets. Influence trafficking and [trafficking] in privileges, the abuse of a dominant position and of monopoly, and all the other practices contrary to the principles of free and fair Morocco 2011 Page 12 constituteproject.org PDF generated: 06 Jun 2017, 22:19 competition in economic relations, are sanctioned by the law. (cid:127)Counter corruption commission A National Instance of Probity, of Prevention and for the struggle against Corruption [Instance nationale de la probite, de la prevention et de la lutte contre la corruption], is created. Article 37 (cid:127)Duty to obey the constitution All the citizens [feminine] and the citizens [masculine] must respect the Constitution and conform to the law. They must exercise the rights and freedoms guaranteed by the Constitution in a spirit of responsibility and of