and this, with respect for the provisions of the Constitution, of the constants [constantes] of the Kingdom and of its laws. (cid:127)Provision for matrimonial equality The State works for the realization of parity between men and women. Morocco 2011 Page 8 constituteproject.org PDF generated: 06 Jun 2017, 22:19 (cid:127)Human rights commission An Authority for parity and the struggle against all forms of discrimination is created, to this effect. Article 20 (cid:127)Right to life The right to life is the first right of any human being. The law protects this right. Article 21 All have the right to the security of their person and of their kin [proches], and to the protection of their assets. The public powers assure the security of the populations and of the national territory within respect for the fundamental freedoms and rights guaranteed to all. Article 22 The physical or moral integrity of anyone may not be infringed, in whatever circumstance that may be, and by any party that may be, public or private. (cid:127)Prohibition of cruel treatment No one may inflict on others, under whatever pretext there may be, cruel, inhuman, (cid:127)Human dignity [or] degrading treatments or infringements of human dignity. (cid:127)Prohibition of torture The practice of torture, under any of its forms and by anyone, is a crime punishable by the law. Article 23 (cid:127)Principle of no punishment without law No one may be arrested, detained, prosecuted or condemned outside of the cases and the forms provided by the law. (cid:127)Protection from unjustified restraint Arbitrary or secret detention and forced disappearance are crimes of the greatest gravity. They expose their authors to the most severe sanctions. (cid:127)Right to counsel Any detained person has the right to be informed immediately, in a fashion which is (cid:127)Protection from self-incrimination comprehensible to him, of the reasons [motifs] of his detention and of his rights, including that of remaining silent. He must benefit, as well, from juridical assistance and of the possibility of communication with his relations, in accordance with the law. (cid:127)Guarantee of due process The presumption of innocence and the right to an equitable process are guaranteed. (cid:127)Right to fair trial (cid:127)Presumption of innocence in trials Any detained person enjoys the fundamental rights and humane conditions of detention. He must benefit from programs of instruction and of reintegration [reinsertion]. All incitement to racism, to hatred and to violence is prohibited. (cid:127)International human rights treaties Genocide and all other crimes against humanity, the crimes of war and all the grave and systematic violations of the Rights of Man are punished by the law. Article 24 (cid:127)Right to privacy Any person has the right to the protection of their private life. The domicile is inviolable. Searches may only intervene in the conditions and the forms provided by the law. Private communications, under whatever form that may be, are secret. Only justice can authorize, under the conditions and following the forms provided by the law, the access to their content, their total or partial divulgation or their summons Morocco