law. This determines the nature of the information, documents and data [donnees] necessary to enrich the parliamentary debates on the bill of the law of finance. The Parliament votes one sole time [on] the expenditures of investment necessary, within the domain of development, for the realization of the plans of strategic development and of multi-annual programs, established by the government[,] which informs the Parliament of it. The expenditures so approved are automatically applied [reconduites] for the duration [pendant la duree] of these plans and programs. Only the government is enabled to deposit the bills of law intended to modify the expenditures approved within the aforementioned framework. If, at the end of the budgetary year, the law of finance is not voted or is not promulgated because of its submission to the Constitutional Court in application of Article 132 of this Constitution, the government opens, by decree, the credits Morocco 2011 Page 22 constituteproject.org PDF generated: 06 Jun 2017, 22:19 necessary for the provision [marche] of the public services and for the exercise of their mission, as a function of the budgetary proposals submitted for approval. In this case, the receipts continue to be collected in accordance with the legislative and regulatory provisions in force concerning them with the exception, however, of the receipts of which the suppression is proposed in the bill of the law of finance. As for those for which the said bill specifies a diminishment of tax, they will collect the new tax proposed. Article 76 The government submits annually to the Parliament a law of regulation of the law of finance[,] in the course of the second fiscal year [exercise] which follows that of the execution of said law of finance. This law includes the balance-sheet [bilan] of the budgets of investments of which the term is ending [arrivee a echeance]. Article 77 (cid:127)Balanced budget (cid:127)Budget bills (cid:127)Powers of cabinet The Parliament and the government see to the preservation of the balance of the finances of the State. The government may oppose, in substantiated manner, the receivability [irrecevabilite] of any proposal or amendment formulated by the members of Parliament when their adoption could have as a consequence, in relation to the law of finance, either a diminishment of the public resources, or the creation or aggravation of a public expenditure [charge]. Of the Exercise of the Legislative Power Article 78 (cid:127)Initiation of general legislation (cid:127)First chamber reserved policy areas (cid:127)Standing committees (cid:127)Second chamber reserved policy areas The initiative of law belongs concurrently to the Head of Government and to the members of the Parliament. The bills of law are deposited in priority with the Bureau of the Chamber of Representatives. However, the bills of law particularly relative to the Territorial Collectivities, to regional development and to social affairs are deposited in priority with the Bureau of the Chamber of Councilors. Article 79 (cid:127)Powers of cabinet The government may oppose the receivability of any proposal or amendment which is not of the domain of the law. In