bills and proposals of organic law are only submitted to deliberation by the Chamber of Representatives at the end of a time of ten days after their deposit with the Bureau of the Chamber and following the same procedure specified in Article 84. They are definitively adopted with the majority of the members present of said Chamber. Nevertheless, when it deals with a bill or proposal of organic law relative to the Chamber of Councilors concerning the territorial collectivities, the vote takes place with the majority of the members of the Chamber of Representatives. Morocco 2011 Page 24 constituteproject.org PDF generated: 06 Jun 2017, 22:19 The organic laws relative to the Chamber of Councilors must be voted in the same terms by both Chambers of the Parliament. The organic laws may only be promulgated after the Constitutional Court has decided on their conformity with the Constitution. Article 86 The bills of organic laws provided for by this Constitution must have been submitted for approval to the Parliament within a time not exceeding the duration of the first legislature following the promulgation of said Constitution. Title V: Of the Executive Power Article 87 (cid:127)Establishment of cabinet/ministers (cid:127)Eligibility for cabinet (cid:127)Name/structure of executive(s) (cid:127)Head of government removal (cid:127)Eligibility for head of government The government is composed of the Head of Government and of the ministers, and may consist also of the Secretaries of State. An organic law defines, notably, the rules relative to the organization and to the conduct of the work of the government and to the status of its members. It determines equally the case of incompatibility with the governmental function, the rules relative to the limitation of accumulation of functions, as well as those governing the handling [expedition] of current affairs by the government of which the functions have been terminated. Article 88 (cid:127)Establishment of cabinet/ministers (cid:127)Head of government powers (cid:127)Joint meetings of legislative chambers After the designation of the members of the government by the King, the Head of Government presents and introduces before the two Chambers of the Parliament meeting [jointly], the program that it intends to implement [compte appliquer]. This program must delineate [degager] the directive lines of action that the government proposes to lead [mener] in the various sectors of national activity and notably, in the domains concerned with economic, social, environmental, cultural and foreign policy. This program is made the object of debate before each of the two Chambers. It is followed by a vote in the Chamber of Representatives. The government is invested, after having obtained the confidence of the Chamber of Representatives, expressed by the vote of the absolute majority of the members composing said chamber, in favor of the program of the government. Article 89 (cid:127)Powers of cabinet The government exercises the executive power. Under the authority of the Head of Government, the government implements its governmental program, assures the execution of the laws, disposes the administration and supervises the public enterprises and establishments and assures their protection [tutelle]. Morocco 2011