of Councilors[,] to hold joint meetings of both Chambers, for the presentation of information bearing on the matters which possess an important national character. The joint meetings are held under the presidency of the President of the Chamber of Representatives. The internal regulations of both Chambers determine the modalities of the rules of the holding of these meetings. Other than the common sittings, the Permanent Commissions of the Parliament may hold joint meetings to hear information bearing on the matters which possess an important national character and this, in accordance with the rules established by the internal regulations of both Chambers. Article 69 (cid:127)Attendance by legislators (cid:127)Legislative committees (cid:127)Constitutional court powers Each Chamber establishes and votes its internal regulations. However, they may not be implemented until after having been declared by the Constitutional Court [as] conforming to the provisions of this Constitution. Both Chambers of the Parliament are held to take into consideration, during the drafting of their respective internal regulations, the imperatives of their harmonization and their complementariness, in a manner to guarantee the efficiency of the parliamentary work. The internal regulations establish notably: • the rules of composition, of functioning and of affiliation concerning the parliamentary groups [groupes] and sub-groups [groupements], and the specific rights recognized to opposition groups; • the obligations of effective participation of the members in the work of the commissions and of the plenary sittings, and including the sanctions applicable in case of absence; Morocco 2011 Page 20 constituteproject.org PDF generated: 06 Jun 2017, 22:19 • the number, the attributions and the organization of the Permanent Commissions, of reserving of the presidency of one or two of these commissions[,] at least[,] to the opposition, under reserve of the provisions of Article 10 of this Constitution. Of the Powers of the Parliament Article 70 (cid:127)Head of government decree power (cid:127)Legislative oversight of the executive The Parliament exercises the legislative power. It votes the laws, controls the action of the government and evaluates the public policies. An enabling law [loi d'habilitation] may authorize the government, for a limited time and in view of a specific objective, to take by decree the measures which are normally of the domain of the law. The decrees enter into force on their publication, but they must be submitted, in the term of time established by the enabling law, to the ratification of the Parliament. The enabling law becomes lapsed in the case of the dissolution of the two Chambers of Parliament or of one among them. Article 71 [The following] are of the domain of the law, other than the matters that are expressly devolved on it by other Articles of the Constitution: • the fundamental freedoms and rights provided for in the Preamble and in the other Articles of this Constitution; • the statute of the family and the civil estate; (cid:127)Right to health care • the principles and rules of the health system; (cid:127)Radio • the regime of the broadcast media and of the press[,] in all their