- The government authority in charge of justice; - Bank Al-Maghrib; 16 - Authority in charge of controlling insurance and social welfare; - Authority in charge of controlling capital markets; - Exchange Office; - The Unit referred to in article 14 below, for subjected persons who don’t have a supervision and control authority determined by virtue of law. Without prejudice to their competences under this law, the supervision and control authorities are, vis-à-vis the subjected persons under their jurisdiction, in charge of: - Ensuring compliance of the subjected persons with the provisions of this law ; - Determining modalities for the enforcement of provisions of articles 3 to 8 and 12 of this law. Article 13.2: The supervisory authorities of nonprofit organizations and institutions must verify that these bodies are not used for terrorist financing or money laundering purposes. SECTION 3: FINANCIAL INFORMATION PROCESSING UNIT Article 14: There shall be established by regulation, a Financial Information Processing Unit referred to in this Law by "the Unit". It shall be affiliated to the Prime minister. Article 15: The Unit shall be in charge of: 1. collecting, processing and requesting information related to acts suspected to be linked to money laundering and deciding over cases referred to it; 17 2. building a database on money laundering transactions; 3. collaborating and participating with other concerned divisions and institutions to the study of measures to be implemented to fight against money laundering; 4. ensuring compliance of the subjected persons with the provisions of this Law, without prejudice to missions assigned to each supervision and control authority laid down in 13.1 above; 5. ensuring the common representation of divisions and national institutions concerned by the fight against money laundering; 6. proposing to the government any required legislative, regulatory or administrative reform related to the fight against money laundering; 7. advising the government on the content of the enforcement measures of this chapter. The Unit shall fix particular conditions relative to the operations that fall within the application scope of this Law. The Unit shall prepare an annual report on its activities and submit it to the Prime Minister. In this report, which is published by the Unit, the said Unit shall report all its activities, mainly cases handled or transferred to judicial authorities, and the typology of money laundering transactions. Article 16: Any information, which would alter the already made conclusion of the subjected person in the suspicious transaction report, should be immediately reported in writing to the Unit. 18 Article 17: The Unit may appeal against the execution of any transaction object of a suspicious transaction report. The execution of this transaction shall be postponed for a period not exceeding two working days, starting from the date the Unit receives the said report. The President of the Court of First Instance of Rabat, upon request of the Unit and after the Public Prosecutor of the said court presents his conclusions, may extend the deadline specified in the first paragraph of this article, for a