of this Law they may discover during the course of their missions. Article 23: The Unit must keep records for ten years, starting from the date it completes its work concerning a case referred to it, of all information or documents relative to the case, on hardcopy or electronic forms. Article 24: The Unit can exchange, within the framework of international conventions the Kingdom of Morocco ratified and duly published or under the principle of reciprocity, in compliance with the provisions in force, financial information related to money laundering with similar foreign competent authorities. 21 SECTION 4: PROTECTION OF SUBJECTED PERSONS, THEIR MANAGERS, THEIR AGENTS, THE UNIT AND ITS AGENTS Article 25: For the amounts or transactions having been subject to a suspicious transaction report, referred to in article 9 of this Chapter, no legal action based on article 446 of the Penal Code or on the special provisions related to professional secrecy, can be brought against the subjected person or against its managers and agents who made, in bona fide, this report. Article 26: No civil legal action can be brought and no sanction can be ordered, especially for false accusation, against a subjected person, its managers or agents, when the suspicious transaction report was made in bona fide. The provisions of this article shall be applied even if the proof of the illegal characteristic of facts that were behind the suspicious transaction report is not provided or if the facts were subject to a dismissal or an acquittal decision. When the operation is executed as provided in article 11 above and, except in connivance with the owner of the amounts or the author of the transaction, the subjected person shall be held free from any liability and no legal action can be brought against its managers or agents. Article 27: No action of penal responsibility or of civil liability shall be brought against: - the Unit or its agents ; - the supervision and control authorities or their agents ; 22 - the subjected persons or their agents ; - the administrations, public institutions or other public or private legal persons or their agents ; due to the accomplishment, in bona fide, of the missions assigned to them under this chapter. SECTION 5: SANCTIONS AND MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS Article 28: Without prejudice to severer penal sanctions and sanctions applied to them by law they are subjected to, the subjected persons, or their managers and their agents, if need be, who do not respect the obligations of articles 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 11, 13, 13.1, 16 and 33 of this chapter, may be sentenced to a pecuniary sanction ranging from 100,000 to 500,000 Dirhams imposed by the body under the control of which they are placed, following the procedure in force in case of dereliction of duty or violation of professional or ethical rules. When the subjected person does have no supervision and control authority, the pecuniary sanction shall be imposed by the Unit. Decisions taken by