without prejudice to eventual judicial consequences. Morocco 2011 Page 29 constituteproject.org PDF generated: 06 Jun 2017, 22:19 The law sanctions any person who attempts to influence the judge in an illicit manner. Article 110 (cid:127)Judicial precedence The presiding magistrates are only subject to the application of the law alone. The decisions of justice are rendered on the sole foundation of the impartial application of the law alone. The prosecuting magistrates [du parquet] are held to the application of the law and must conform to written instructions, conforming to the law, emanating from the hierarchic authority. Article 111 The magistrates enjoy the freedom of expression, in compatibility with their right of reserve and the judicial ethic. They may belong [adherer] to associations or create professional associations, within respect for the duties of impartiality and of independence of justice and within the conditions provided for by the law. They may not belong to political parties or to trade-union organizations. Article 112 The statute of the magistrates is established by an organic law. Of the Superior Council of the Judicial Power Article 113 (cid:127)Powers of cabinet (cid:127)Supreme court selection (cid:127)Head of state powers (cid:127)Establishment of judicial council (cid:127)Ordinary court selection The Superior Council of the Judicial Power sees to the application of the guarantees accorded to the magistrates, notably concerning their independence, their appointment, their advancement, their retirement and their discipline. On its initiative, it drafts the reports on the state of justice and of the judicial system, and presents appropriate recommendations in the matter. At the demand of the King, of the government or of the Parliament, the Council emits its substantiated [circonstancies] opinion on any question relating to justice, under reserve of the principle of the separation of powers. Article 114 (cid:127)Establishment of judicial council The individual decisions of the Superior Council of the Judicial Power are susceptible to recourse for excess of power before the highest administrative jurisdiction of the Kingdom. Article 115 (cid:127)Right to appeal judicial decisions (cid:127)Attorney general (cid:127)Supreme court selection (cid:127)Establishment of judicial council (cid:127)Structure of the courts The Superior Council of the Judicial Power is presided over by the King. It is (cid:127)Ombudsman composed: • of the First-President of the Court of Cassation in the status of President-Delegate [President-delegue]; • of the Procurator General of the King before the Court of Cassation; Morocco 2011 Page 30 constituteproject.org PDF generated: 06 Jun 2017, 22:19 • of the President of the First Chamber of the Court of Cassation; • of 4 representatives elected, from among them, by the magistrates of the courts of appeal; • of 6 representatives elected, from among them, by the magistrates of the jurisdictions of first instance [degre]; • a representation of [women] magistrates must be assured, from among the ten members elected, in proportion to their presence in the corps of the magistrature; • of the Mediator; • of the President of the National Council of the Rights of Man [Conseil national des droits de l'Homme]; • of 5 notable persons [personnalites] appointed