(cid:127)Standing committees (cid:127)Subsidiary unit government The Chamber of Councilors is composed of a minimum of 90 members and of a (cid:127)Minimum age for second chamber maximum of 120, elected by indirect universal suffrage for six years, according to the (cid:127)Leader of second chamber (cid:127)Eligibility for second chamber following division: (cid:127)Size of second chamber (cid:127)Second chamber selection • three-fifths of the members represent the local collectivities. This (cid:127)Term length of second chamber component [effectif] is divided between the regions of the Kingdom, in proportion to their respective populations and in observance of equity between the regions. The one-third reserved to the region is elected at the level of each region by the Regional Council [Conseil regional] from among its members. The two-thirds remaining are elected by an electoral college at the level of the region by the members of the communal, prefectural and provincial councils; • two-fifths of the members elected in each region by the electoral colleges composed of those elected to the Professional Chambers [Chambers professionnelles] and of the most representative professional organizations of employers, and of the elected members to the national echelon by an electoral college composed of the representatives of the salaried [workers]. The number of the members of the Chamber of Councilors and their electoral regime, the number of them to be elected by each of the electoral colleges, the division of seats per region, the conditions of eligibility and the case of Morocco 2011 Page 18 constituteproject.org PDF generated: 06 Jun 2017, 22:19 incompatibilities, the rules of limitation of accumulation of mandates and the organization of electoral disputes, are established by an organic law. The President of the Chamber of Councilors and the members of its Bureau as well as the presidents of the Permanent Commissions and their bureaus, are elected at the beginning of the legislature, [and] again at the time of half of the legislature. The election of the members of the Bureau takes place with the proportional representation of the groups. Article 64 (cid:127)Immunity of legislators No member of the Parliament may be prosecuted, investigated, arrested, detained or judged on the occasion of an opinion or of a vote emitted by him in the exercise of his functions, except in case where the opinion expressed challenges the monarchic form of the State or the Muslim religion or constitutes an infringement of the due respect for the King. Article 65 (cid:127)Head of state powers (cid:127)Length of legislative sessions The Parliament sits during two sessions per year. The King presides over the opening of the first session which commences on the second Friday of October. The second session is opened on the second Friday of April. When the Parliament has sat four months at least, in the course of each session, cloture can be pronounced by decree. Article 66 (cid:127)Extraordinary legislative sessions The Parliament can meet in extraordinary session, either by decree, or at the demand of one-third of the members of the Chamber of Representatives or of the majority of those of