Page 25 constituteproject.org PDF generated: 06 Jun 2017, 22:19 Article 90 (cid:127)Head of government powers The Head of Government exercises the regulatory power and can delegate certain of these powers to the ministers. The regulatory acts of the Head of Government are countersigned by the ministers charged with their execution. Article 91 (cid:127)Head of government powers The Head of Government appoints to the civil offices [emplois] in the public administrations and to the high functions of the public establishments and enterprises, without prejudice to the provisions of Article 49 of this Constitution. He can delegate this power. Article 92 (cid:127)Establishment of cabinet/ministers Under the presidency of the Head of Government, the Council of Government (cid:127)Head of government powers [Conseil du Gouvernement] deliberates on the following questions and texts: • the general policy of the State before its presentation in the Council of Ministers; • the public policies; • the sectorial policies; • the engagement of the responsibility of the government before the Chamber of Representatives; (cid:127)International human rights treaties • the questions of current affairs concerning the Rights of Man and public order; • the bills of law, including [dont] the bill of the law of finance, before their deposit with the Bureau of the Chamber of Representatives, without prejudice to the provisions of Article 49 of this Constitution; • the decree-laws; • the drafts [projets] of regulatory decrees; • the bills of decrees specified in Articles 65 (2nd paragraph), 66 and 70 (3rd paragraph) of this Constitution; (cid:127)International law • the treaties and the international conventions before their submission to (cid:127)Treaty ratification the Council of Ministers; • the appointment of the secretaries-general and the central directors of the public administrations, the presidents of universities, of the deans and directors of the superior schools and institutes. The organic law provided for by Article 49 of this Constitution may complete the list of the functions to be provided for in the Council of Government, and determine, in particular, the principles and criteria of appointment to these functions, notably those of equality of opportunities, of merit, of competence and of transparency. The Head of Government informs the King of the conclusions of the deliberations of the Council of Government. Article 93 (cid:127)Establishment of cabinet/ministers (cid:127)Reference to fraternity/solidarity The ministers are responsible, each in the sector for which he has the responsibility [charge] and in the framework of governmental solidarity, of the implementation of the policy of the government. Morocco 2011 Page 26 constituteproject.org PDF generated: 06 Jun 2017, 22:19 The ministers accomplish the missions which the Head of Government confides in them. They render account to the Council of Government. They can delegate a part of their attributions to the Secretaries of State. Article 94 The members of the government are criminally responsible before the jurisdictions of the Kingdom for the crimes and misdemeanors committed in the exercise of their functions. The law determines the procedure relative to this responsibility. Title VI: Of the Relations between the Powers Of the Relations between