by virtue of a decision of justice. The associations interested in public matters and the non-governmental organizations, contribute, within the framework of participative democracy, in the enactment, the implementation and the evaluation of the decisions and the initiatives [projets] of the elected institutions and of the public powers. These institutions and powers must organize this contribution in accordance with the conditions and modalities established by the law. The organization and functioning of the associations and the non-governmental organizations must conform to democratic principles. Article 13 The public powers work to the creation of instances of dialog [concertation], with a view to associate the different social actors with the enactment, the implementation, the execution and the evaluation of the public policies. Morocco 2011 Page 7 constituteproject.org PDF generated: 06 Jun 2017, 22:19 Article 14 (cid:127)Legislative initiatives by citizens The citizens [feminine] and citizens [masculine] have [disposent], within the conditions and following the modalities established by an organic law, the right to present motions in legislative matters. Article 15 (cid:127)Right of petition The citizens [feminine] and citizens [masculine] have [disposent] the right to present petitions to the public powers. An organic law determines the conditions and the modalities of the exercise of this right. Article 16 (cid:127)International law The Kingdom of Morocco works for the protection of the rights and legitimate interests of the Moroccan citizens [feminine] and citizens [masculine] resident abroad, within respect for international law and for the laws in force in the host countries. It is committed to the maintenance and to the development of their human ties, notably cultural, with the Kingdom, and the preservation of their national identity. It sees to the reinforcement of their contribution to the development of their homeland [patrie], Morocco, and to the strengthening [resesserrement] of ties of amity and of cooperation between the governments and the societies of the countries where they reside, and of which they are citizens. Article 17 (cid:127)Restrictions on voting The Moroccans residents abroad enjoy the full rights of citizenship, including the right to be electors and eligible. They can be candidates to the elections at the level of lists and of local, regional and national electoral circumscriptions. The law establishes the specific criteria of eligibility and of incompatibility. It determines, as well, the conditions and the modalities of the effective exercise of the right to vote and of candidature from the countries of residence. Article 18 The public powers work to assure a participation as extensive as possible to Moroccans resident abroad, in the consultative institutions and [institutions] of good governance created by the Constitution or by the law. Title II: Fundamental Freedoms and Rights Article 19 (cid:127)General guarantee of equality (cid:127)Equality regardless of gender The man and the woman enjoy, in equality, the rights and freedoms of civil, political, (cid:127)International law (cid:127)Provision for matrimonial equality economic, social, cultural and environmental character, enounced in this Title and in the other provisions of the Constitution, as well as in the international conventions and pacts duly ratified by Morocco