as the President of the Constitutional Court, and addressing a message to the Nation, proclaim by Dahir the state of exception. By this act, the King is enabled [habilite] to take the measures that the defense of the territorial integrity imposes and to return, in the least time, to the normal functioning of the constitutional institutions. The Parliament may not be dissolved during the exercise of exceptional powers. The fundamental rights and freedoms provided by this Constitution remain guaranteed. The state of exception is terminated in the same forms as its proclamation, once the conditions which have justified it do not exist. Title IV: Of the Legislative Power Of the Organization of the Parliament Article 60 (cid:127)Structure of legislative chamber(s) The Parliament is composed of two Chambers, the Chamber of Representatives and the Chamber of Councilors. Their members hold their mandate from the Nation. Their right to vote is personal and may not be delegated. Morocco 2011 Page 17 constituteproject.org PDF generated: 06 Jun 2017, 22:19 The opposition is an essential component of both Chambers. It participates in the functions of legislation and of control such as [they are] provided for, notably within this Title. Article 61 (cid:127)Constitutional court powers (cid:127)Removal of individual legislators Any member of one of both Chambers who renounces his political affiliation [appartenance] in the name of which he was presented [as a] candidate at the elections[,] or to the parliamentary group to which he is affiliated, is discharged from his mandate. The Constitutional Court, referred to [the matter] by the president of the Chamber concerned, declares the vacancy of the seat and this, in accordance with the provision of the internal regulations of the Chamber concerned, which establishes equally the time periods and the procedure of referring the Constitutional Court to [the matter]. Article 62 (cid:127)Legislative committees (cid:127)Structure of legislative chamber(s) (cid:127)Minimum age for first chamber (cid:127)Leader of first chamber (cid:127)Eligibility for first chamber The members of the Chamber of Representatives are elected for five years by (cid:127)First chamber selection universal direct suffrage. The legislature concludes on the opening of the session of (cid:127)Term length for first chamber (cid:127)Outside professions of legislators October of the fifth year that follows the election of the Chamber. (cid:127)Standing committees (cid:127)Claim of universal suffrage The number of representatives, the electoral regime, the principles of electoral division, the conditions of eligibility, the case of incompatibilities, the rules of limitation of accumulation of mandates and the organization of electoral disputes, are established by an organic law. The President of the Chamber of Representatives and the members of the Bureau, as well as the presidents of the Permanent Commissions and their bureaus, are elected at the beginning of the legislature, [and] again in the third year, at the time of the session of April and for the time remaining to cover said legislature. The election of the members of the Bureau takes place with the proportional representation of the groups. Article 63 (cid:127)Legislative committees (cid:127)Structure of legislative chamber(s) (cid:127)Outside professions of legislators