by the King, recognized for their competence, their impartiality and their probity, as well as for their distinguished contribution [apport] in favor of the independence of justice and of the primacy of the law, of which one member is proposed by the Secretary General of the Superior Council of the Ulema. Article 116 (cid:127)Establishment of judicial council The Superior Council of the Judicial Power holds at least two sessions per year. It is provided with [dispose] administrative and financial autonomy. In disciplinary matters, the Superior Council of the Judicial Power is assisted by the experienced magistrate-inspectors [magistrats-inspecteurs]. The election, the organization and the functioning of the Superior Council of the Judicial Power, as well as the criteria relative to the management of the career of the magistrates and the rules of the disciplinary procedure are established by an organic law. In the matters concerning the prosecuting magistrates, the Superior Council of the Judicial Power takes into consideration the reports of evaluation established by the hierarchic authority to which they relate. Of the Rights of the Persons amenable to Justice and of the Rules of Functioning of Justice Article 117 The judge is in charge of the protection of the rights and freedoms and of the judicial security of the persons and of the groups, as well as of the application of the law. Article 118 (cid:127)Ultra-vires administrative actions Access to justice is guaranteed to every person for the defense of their rights and of their interests protected by the law. Any act of regulatory or individual nature, taken in administrative matters, may be made the object of recourse before the competent administrative jurisdiction. Article 119 (cid:127)Prohibition of double jeopardy (cid:127)Presumption of innocence in trials Any defendant or accused is presumed innocent until his condemnation by decision of justice having acquired the force of res judicata [force de chose jugee]. Morocco 2011 Page 31 constituteproject.org PDF generated: 06 Jun 2017, 22:19 Article 120 (cid:127)Right to counsel (cid:127)Right to fair trial (cid:127)Right to speedy trial Every person has the right to an equitable process and to a judgment rendered in a reasonable time. The rights to defense are guaranteed before all the jurisdictions. Article 121 (cid:127)Right to counsel In the case where the law provides for it, justice is gratuitous for those who cannot dispose of resources sufficient to plead [ester] in justice. Article 122 (cid:127)Protection from false imprisonment The damages caused by a judicial error create [ouvrent] right to a reparation at the expense [charge] of the State. Article 123 (cid:127)Right to public trial The hearings are public, except when the law provides otherwise. Article 124 The judgments are rendered and executed in the name of the King and by virtue of the law. Article 125 (cid:127)Supreme court opinions (cid:127)Right to public trial Each judgment is substantiated [motive] and pronounced in public hearing within the conditions provided for by the law. Article 126 The definitive judgments are imposed on all. The public authorities must give [apporter] the necessary assistance when this