over this Council and can delegate to the Head of Government the presidency of a meeting of the Council, on the basis of a specific agenda. The Superior Council of Security is composed of, other than the Head of Government, the President of the Chamber of Representatives, of the President of the Chamber of Councilors, the President-Delegate of the Superior Council of the Judicial Power, the ministers responsible for [charges] the Interior, of Foreign Affairs, of Justice and of the administration of National Defense, as well as those responsible [persons] of the administrations competent in security matters, of the superior officers of the Royal Armed Forces and any other prominent person whose presence is useful to the work of the said Council. The internal regulations of the Council establish the rules of its organization and of its functioning. Article 55 (cid:127)Accession of territory (cid:127)Constitutional court powers (cid:127)Foreign affairs representative (cid:127)Head of government powers (cid:127)Head of state powers The King accredits the ambassadors to foreign States and to the international organs (cid:127)Constitutional interpretation [organismes]. The ambassadors and the representatives of the international organs (cid:127)International law (cid:127)International organizations [organismes] are accredited to him. (cid:127)Treaty ratification (cid:127)Legal status of treaties He signs and ratifies the treaties. However, the treaties of peace or of union, or those relative to the delimitation of the frontiers, the commercial treaties or those which engage the finances of the State or the application of which necessitate legislative measures, as well as those treaties relative to the individual or collective rights and freedoms of the citizens [feminine] and citizens [masculine], may only be ratified after having been previously approved by the law. Morocco 2011 Page 16 constituteproject.org PDF generated: 06 Jun 2017, 22:19 The King can submit to the Parliament any other treaty or convention before its ratification. If the Constitutional Court, referred to [the matter] by the King or the Head of Government or the President of the Chamber of Representatives or the President of the Chamber of Councilors or one-sixth of the members of the first Chamber or one-quarter of the members of the second Chamber, declares that an international commitment contains [comporte] a provision contrary to the Constitution, its ratification may only intervene after the revision of the Constitution. Article 56 (cid:127)Head of state powers The King presides over the Superior Council of the Judicial Power. Article 57 (cid:127)Supreme court selection (cid:127)Head of state decree power (cid:127)Establishment of judicial council (cid:127)Ordinary court selection The King approves by Dahir the appointment of the magistrates by the Superior Council of the Judicial Power. Article 58 (cid:127)Power to pardon The King exercises the right of pardon. Article 59 (cid:127)Constitutional court powers (cid:127)Emergency provisions (cid:127)Head of state decree power When the integrity of the National territory is threatened or [in case] that events are produced which obstruct the regular functioning of the constitutional institutions, the King can, after having consulted the Head of Government, the President of the Chamber of Representatives, the President of the Chamber of Councilors, as well