the Chamber of Councilors. The extraordinary sessions of the Parliament are held on the basis of a specific agenda. When this latter is exhausted, the session is closed by decree. Article 67 (cid:127)Legislative committees (cid:127)Head of state powers (cid:127)Legislative oversight of the executive (cid:127)Standing committees The ministers have access to each Chamber and to their commissions. They may be assisted by the commissioners designated by them. Other than the Permanent Commissions mentioned in the preceding paragraph, commissions of inquiry may be created[,] at the initiative of the King or at the demand of one-third of the members of the Chamber of Representatives, or of one-third of the members of the Chamber of Councilors, formed to collect elements of information on specific matters [faits] or on the management of public services, enterprises and establishments, and to submit their conclusions to the Chamber concerned. Commissions of Inquiry may not be created when the matters have given rise to judicial prosecutions and as long as these prosecutions are underway [en cours]. If a commission has already been created, its mission terminates on the opening of a judicial inquiry [information] concerning the matters which motivated its creation. The commissions of inquiry have a temporary character. Their mission terminates by the deposit of their report to the Bureau of the Chamber concerned and, the case arising, by the referral of [the matter] to justice by the President of the said Chamber. Morocco 2011 Page 19 constituteproject.org PDF generated: 06 Jun 2017, 22:19 A public sitting is reserved by the Chamber concerned for the discussion of the reports of the commissions of inquiry. An organic law establishes the modalities of functioning of these commissions. Article 68 (cid:127)Constitution amendment procedure (cid:127)Budget bills (cid:127)Legislative committees (cid:127)Head of government powers (cid:127)Joint meetings of legislative chambers The sittings of the Chambers of the Parliament are public. The complete record of (cid:127)Public or private sessions the debates is published in the Bulletin officiel of the Parliament. (cid:127)Publication of deliberations Each Chamber can sit in secret committee, at the demand of the Head of Government or of one-third of its members. The meetings of the Commissions of the Parliament are secret. The internal regulations of both Chambers of the Parliament establish the cases and the rules permitting public sittings of the Commissions to be held. The Parliament holds joint [communes] sittings of both Chambers, in particular in the following cases: • the opening by the King of the parliamentary session, the second Friday of the month of October, and the address of Royal Messages destined to the Parliament; • the adoption of the revision of the Constitution in accordance with the provisions of Article 174; • the declarations of the Head of Government; • the presentation of the bill of the law of finance of the year; • the speeches [discourse] of the foreign Heads of State and of Government. The Head of Government can equally demand[,] of the President of the Chamber of Representatives and of the President of the Chamber