legal persons under public or private law, designated hereafter: 1. Bank Al-Maghrib; 2. Credit institutions and bodies considered as credit institutions; 3. Banks and offshore holding companies; 10 4. Finance companies; 5. Intermediation companies in the transfer of funds; 6. Exchange offices; 7. Insurance and reinsurance companies and insurance and reinsurance intermediaries; 8. Financial assets managers; 9. stockbroking firms; 10. Auditors, external accountants and tax advisors; 11. members of an independent legal profession, when they participate for the interest of their customer and on his behalf, in a financial operation or a real estate property transaction, or when they assist their customer in the preparation or execution of transactions related to: a) buying and selling real estate or business entities; b) managing funds, securities or other assets of the customer; c) opening or managing bank accounts, savings or securities accounts; d) organizing contributions necessary for the creation, the management or the exploitation of companies or similar structures; e) establishing, operating or managing trustees, companies or similar structures; 12. Persons operating or exploiting casinos or gaming establishments, including online casinos or gaming establishments; 13. Real estate agents and middlemen, when they carry out transactions for their customers regarding the purchase or sale of real estate properties; 14. Dealers in precious metals or gemstones when the transaction is in cash and its amount exceeds 150,000 DHs, in addition to people who usually engage in trade of antiquities and works of art; 15. Service providers involved in the creation, organization and localization of companies. 11 SECTION 2: OBLIGATIONS OF SUBJECTED PERSONS SUB-SECTION 1: DUE DILIGENCE Article 3: Subjected persons shall be required to collect all pieces of information allowing the determination and verification of the identity of their usual or occasional customers and the beneficial owners. Shall be meant in this law by beneficial owner any natural person, on whose behalf acts the customer or any natural person who controls or owns ultimately the customer, when the customer is a legal person. When the customer is a legal person, the subjected persons must verify through the necessary documents and indications, all information regarding its name, legal form, activity, address of its registered office, capital, identity of its managers and powers granted to persons who can duly represent it vis-à-vis third parties or act on its behalf by virtue of power of attorney, in addition to beneficial owners. Article 4: Subjected persons must carry out no operation when the identity of the persons concerned can’t be verified or when it is incomplete or obviously fictitious. Subjected persons must carry out no operation when the identity of the persons concerned can’t be verified or when it is incomplete or obviously fictitious. Article 5: The subjected persons must:  verify the object and nature of the intended business relationship;  verify the identity of the ordering parties for the execution of operations, of which the beneficiary is a third party; 12  determine and verify the identity of persons acting on behalf of their customers pursuant