the King and the Legislative Power Article 95 (cid:127)Approval of general legislation (cid:127)Veto override procedure The King can demand of the two Chambers of Parliament that they must proceed to a new reading of any bill or proposal of law. The demand of a new reading is formulated by message. This new reading may not be refused. Article 96 (cid:127)Constitutional court powers (cid:127)Head of state decree power (cid:127)Dismissal of the legislature The King can, after having consulted the President of the Constitutional Court and [having] informed the Head of Government, the President of the Chamber of Representatives and the President of the Chamber of Councilors, dissolve by Dahir, the two Chambers or one of them only. The dissolution takes place after [a] message addressed by the King to the Nation. Article 97 The election of the new Parliament or of the new Chamber intervenes two months, at most, after the dissolution. Article 98 When one Chamber is dissolved, that which succeeds it may only be [dissolved] one year after its election, except if no governmental majority can be established [degage] from within the Chamber of Representatives newly elected. Article 99 (cid:127)Power to declare/approve war The declaration of war, decided in the Council of Ministers, in accordance with Article 49 of this Constitution, takes place after communication made by the King to the Parliament. Morocco 2011 Page 27 constituteproject.org PDF generated: 06 Jun 2017, 22:19 Of the Relations between the Legislative and Executive Powers Article 100 (cid:127)Legislative oversight of the executive One sitting per week is reserved in each Chamber by priority to the questions of the members of it and to the responses of the government. The government must give its response within the twenty days following the date on which it was referred to [the matter] of the question. The responses to the questions of general policy are given by the Head of Government. One sitting per month is reserved to these questions and the responses and related replies [afferents] are presented before the Chamber concerned within the thirty days following the date of their transmission to the Head of Government. Article 101 (cid:127)Legislative oversight of the executive The Head of Government presents before the Parliament an accounting [bilan] of the governmental action, at his initiative or at the demand of one-third of the members of the Camber of Representatives or of the majority of the Chamber of Councilors. One annual sitting is reserved by the Parliament to the discussion and to the evaluation of the public policies. Article 102 (cid:127)Legislative committees The commissions concerned within each of the two Chambers can demand to hear the responsible [persons] of the administrations and of the public establishments and enterprises, in the presence of and under the responsibility of the ministers concerned. Article 103 (cid:127)Cabinet removal (cid:127)Head of government removal The Head of Government can engage the responsibility of the government before the Chamber of Representatives, on a declaration of public policy or on the vote of a text. The confidence