- The infringement of the automated data treatment systems. Article 574-3: Without prejudice to other severer sanctions, money laundering shall be sanctioned: - For natural persons, from two to five years of prison and a 20,000 to 100,000 Dirhams fine; - For legal persons, a 500,000 to 3,000,000 Dirhams fine, without prejudice to other penalties that may be imposed on their managers and agents involved in the offences. Article 574-4: Imprisonment sentences and fines shall be doubled: - When the offences are committed using facilities afforded by the exercise of a professional activity; - When the person is usually engaged in money laundering operations; - When the offences are committed by an organized criminal group; - In case of recidivism. Shall be in a recidivism situation, the offender, who commits the facts within five years after a judgment, which has the force of res judicata, relative to one of the offences stipulated in article 574-1 above. 8 Article 574-5: In case of conviction for an offence of money laundering, the total confiscation of all things, objects and properties used or had to be used to commit the offence and their products, or the total confiscation of the equivalent value of these things, objects, properties and products, must always be imposed, subject to the rights of bona fide of third parties. Persons convicted of money laundering can also be sentenced to one of the following additional sanctions or more:  Dissolution of the legal person;  Publication, by all appropriate means, of conviction judgments that have the force of res judicata, at the expense of the convicted offender. the offender committing the offence of money laundering can also be prohibited temporarily or permanently from the direct or indirect exercise of a profession or many professions, activities or arts, that the exercise of which had been involved in the offence. Article 574-6: The penalties laid down in this Law shall concern, according to the case, the managers and the officials of legal persons involved in money laundering operations, when their personal responsibility is proved. Article 574-7: Shall be freeing them, under the conditions laid down in articles 143 to 145 of the Penal Code, the offender, the co-offender or the accomplice, who informs the competent 9 authorities, before they have been otherwise informed, of the constituents of an attempted offence of money laundering. If the denouncement occurs after committing the offence, the penalty shall be reduced by half. Article two CHAPTER II: OF MONEY LAUNDERING PREVENTION SECTION 1: DEFINITIONS Article 1: For the purposes of this law, shall be meant by: - “Products”: any property resulting, directly or indirectly, from any offence under 574-2 of the Penal Code; - “Properties”: all types of assets, tangible or intangible, movable or immovable, divided or undivided, as well as acts or legal documents certifying ownership of such properties or rights connected thereto, whatever is their support, including electronic or digital documents. Article 2: Shall be subjected to the provisions of this chapter, natural persons and