83 within the fixed deadline, this is considered as a renunciation of his intention to repudiate, and the court certifies this. Article 87 As soon as the husband deposits the required sum of money, the court authorizes him to register the repudiation with the two adouls (public notaries) in the same district as the court. As soon as the judge has affixed his seal to the repudiation decree, a copy is transmitted to the court that issued the repudiation authorization. 24 Article 88 After the court receives the copy indicated in the preceding article, it shall issue a wellsubstantiated decision that includes: 1- The names, dates and places of birth and of the marriage, and domicile(s) or place(s) of residence of the two spouses; 2- A summary of the two parties’ claims and their requests, the evidence and arguments they presented, the procedures already undertaken, and the Public Prosecutor’s conclusions; 3- The date of the authentication of the repudiation; 4- Whether the wife is pregnant or not; 5- The names of their children, their ages, the name(s) of their custodian(s), and the organization of visitation rights; 6- Specification of the amount due as cited in preceding Articles 84 and 86, and the salary due to the child custodian after the iddat (legal waiting period). The court’s decision is open to appeal according to the usual procedures. Article 89 If the husband has assigned his right of repudiation to his wife, she can exercise this right by petitioning the court according to the provisions of preceding Articles 79 and 80. The court shall verify that the conditions for the assignation of the right of repudiation as agreed upon by the two spouses are fulfilled, and attempt reconciliation according to the provisions of preceding Articles 81 and 82. If the reconciliation attempt fails, the court shall authorize the wife to petition for the certification of the repudiation and rule on her vested rights, and if appropriate, those of her children, in accordance with preceding Articles 84 and 85. The husband cannot prevent his wife from exercising the right of repudiation that he has previously assigned to her. Article 90 The repudiation authorization petition is not accepted from an inebriated person, a person who has been forced to do so, or an irate person. Article 91 Vows and pledges do not result in repudiation. Article 92 Multiple expressions of repudiation pronounced verbally, with a symbolic gesture or in writing result in only one repudiation. Article 93 Repudiation made conditional on doing something or abstaining from something has no effect. 25 Title Four: Of Divorce Chapter I: Of Divorce Sought by Either Spouse for Irreconcilable Differences Article 94 If either or both spouses ask the court to settle a dispute that risks to breakdown their marriage, the court must make all efforts to reconcile them according to the provisions of preceding Article 82. Article 95 The two arbitrators or two persons that can assume this role shall investigate the causes of the dispute between