the age of legal majority, enjoy full civil capacity, and fulfil the conditions of tutelage if designated by the marital tutor; 4- The delegating party must indicate in the delegation the name of the other spouse, his/her personal information, and all other information that she or he judges useful to include; 5- The delegation must include the amount of the dowry payable in advance or in the future. The delegating party must also specify the conditions that she or he wants to stipulate in the marriage contract and the conditions that she or he is willing to accept from the other party; 6- The delegation must be certified by the judge once he verifies that it meets all of the required conditions. Article 18 A judge may not validate the marriage of a person under his tutelage to himself or to any of his ascendants or descendants. Title Two: Of Capacity, Tutelage and the Dowry Chapter I: Of Capacity and Tutelage in Marriage Article 19 Men and women acquire the capacity to marry when they are of sound mind and have completed eighteen full Gregorian years of age. Article 20 The Family Affairs Judge in charge of marriage may authorize the marriage of a girl or boy below the legal age of marriage as stipulated in preceding Article 19, in a well- substantiated decision explaining the interest and reasons justifying the marriage, after having heard the parents of the minor who has not yet reached the age of capacity or his/her legal tutor, with the assistance of medical expertise or after having conducted a social enquiry. 11 The decree granting the petition to marry for a minor who has not reached the age of legal capacity for marriage is not open to appeal. Article 21 The marriage of a minor is contingent on the consent of his/her legal tutor. The legal tutor’s consent is expressed by signing, along with the minor, the marriage authorization petition and being present during the conclusion of the marriage contract. If the minor’s legal tutor refuses to consent, the Family Affairs Judge rules on the matter. Article 22 The two spouses acquire, pursuant to preceding Article 20, the civil capacity to bring suit on matters pertaining to the rights and obligations created by the marriage contract. The court may, upon request from one of the spouses or his/her legal tutor, determine the financial obligations of the husband in question as well as payment methods. Article 23 The Family Affairs Judge in charge of marriage may authorize the marriage of a mentally disabled person after presentation by one or several medical experts of a report on the state of the person’s disability. The judge informs the other party of the findings and officially records the notice. The other party must be of legal majority and explicitly consent in an official record to marrying a disabled person. Article 24 Marital tutelage is the woman’s right, which she exercises upon reaching majority according to her choice and interests.