charge of marriage records officially certifies the record containing the abovementioned documents, and files it at the Court Clerk’s office under its assigned number. III: The Family Affairs Judge authorizes the two adouls (public notaries) to draw up the marriage contract. IV: The two adouls note in the marriage contract the declaration by both spouses specifying whether or not they have been married previously. In case of a previous marriage, the declaration must be accompanied by proof of the legality of the marriage to be concluded. Article 66 If a person employs fraud to obtain the authorization or the certificate of capacity mentioned in Clauses 5 and 6 of the preceding Article or to evade them, the dispositions of Article 366 of the Penal Code will be applied to the author and his accomplices upon 20 request by the injured party. The injured party has the right to ask for the annulment of the marriage with compensation. Article 67 The marriage contract shall contain the following: 1- Mention of the judge’s authorization, its number, its date of issuance, and the number of the marriage document record as well as the court where it was filed; 2- The family names, first names, country or place of residence, place of birth and age, national identity card number or its equivalent, and nationality of both spouses; 3- The name of the marital tutor if required; 4- The offer and acceptance by the two contracting parties who exercise full capacity and the ability to choose and discern; 5- In the case of marriage by proxy, the name and national identity card number of the representative, and the date and place of issuance of the marriage delegation; 6- Mention of the legal status of the spouse who has been married previously; 7- The amount of the dowry in cases where it has been specified, denoting any amount paid in advance or to be paid in future instalment(s), and whether it has been paid in front of witnesses or if there is mere acknowledgement; 8- Conditions agreed upon by both parties; 9- The signatures of both spouses and the tutor when required; 10- The names of the two adouls (public notaries) and each one’s signature with the date of the marriage contract; 11-The authentication of the marriage contract by the judge affixed with his seal. The list of documents required to constitute the marriage record as well as their content may be modified or completed by ministerial decree. Article 68 The contract is registered at the Family Court records. A summary of it is transmitted to the Civil Status office at the birthplaces of both spouses, accompanied by a return receipt within fifteen days after the judge has authenticated it. If one or both spouses were not born in Morocco, the marriage contract summary is transmitted to the Office of the Attorney General at the Court of First Instance in Rabat. The civil status officer records the information from this summary in the margins of the