copy of the birth certificates of both spouses. The format, content and information recorded as cited in the first paragraph above shall be determined in a decree by the Minister of Justice. Article 69 The original marriage contract is remitted to the wife and a copy provided to the husband once the judge authenticates it. 21 BOOK TWO: OF THE DISSOLUTION OF THE BONDS OF MATRIMONY AND ITS EFFECTS Title One: General Provisions Article 70 No one should resort to the dissolution of the bonds of matrimony through repudiation or divorce except in exceptional circumstances, considering the rule of the least harm, given the family dislocation and harmful effects on children. Article 71 Marriage is dissolved by death, annulment, divorce, repudiation or khol’ (divorce in exchange for compensation by the wife). Article 72 Dissolution of a marriage produces the effects cited in this Moudawana from the date of the: 1- Death of either spouse, or the issuance of a judgement declaring him or her deceased; 2- Annulment, repudiation, divorce, or khol’ (divorce in exchange for compensation by the wife). Article 73 Divorce must be expressed by explicitly spoken words and in writing, and for those incapable of both, an unequivocal sign from which divorce is inferred. Title Two: Of Death and Anullment Chapter I: Of Death Article 74 Death and its date are established before the court by all accepted means. The court shall declare a disappeared person deceased according to Articles 327 and following. Article 75 If a disappeared person who has been pronounced deceased by the court turns out to be alive, the Public Prosecutor’s Office or the concerned person shall petition the court to issue a decision declaring that he or she is still alive. The court’s decision declaring the person still alive nullifies the previous judgement pronouncing the person deceased and annuls all of its effects, with the exception of the remarriage of the disappeared person’s wife, which remains valid if consummated. Article 76 In the event the real date of death is proven and turns out to be different from the one issued by the court, the Public Prosecutor’s Office as well as all concerned parties 22 should petition for the issuing of a judgement proving that fact, and this nullifies the effects related to the wrong date of death, except for the remarriage of the wife. Chapter II: Of Annulment Article 77 The annulment of the marriage contract before or after the marriage is consummated is decreed in certain cases and according to the conditions set out in this Moudawana. Title Three: Of Repudiation Article 78 Repudiation is the dissolution of the bonds of matrimony exercised by the husband and wife, each according to his or her respective conditions, under judicial supervision and according to the provisions of this Moudawana. Article 79 Whoever wishes to repudiate must petition the court for authorization to certify the repudiation by two adouls (public notaries) accredited for this purpose in the judicial district of the conjugal domicile, the