former spouses; 3-The marriage contract date of issuance, its number in the record cited in preceding Article 68; 4-The type of divorce and its number. Article 140 The wife has the right to obtain the divorce decree fifteen days after the divorce has been certified, and the husband may also obtain a copy. Article 141 The court shall submit a summary of the repudiation decree, the “resumption document,” the divorce decree, the marriage contract annulment, or its invalidation to the Civil Status Officer at the birthplace of both spouses, along with the certificate of submission of a copy of it fifteen days after it has been certified or after the issuing of divorce decree by the court, or the annulment or invalidation. The Civil Status Officer must make mention of the content of the summary in the margins of the birth certificate of both spouses. If both or either of the spouses was not born in Morocco, the summary shall be remitted to the Attorney General at the Court of First Instance in Rabat. The information that must be included in the summary cited in the first paragraph above shall be determined in a decree by the Minister of Justice. 33 BOOK THREE: OF BIRTH AND ITS EFFECTS Title One: Of Filiation and Paternity Chapter I: Of Filiation Article 142 Filiation is established through the attribution of a child to his or her parents, and it may be legitimate or illegitimate. Article 143 Filiation to the father and mother is considered legitimate until proven to the contrary. Article 144 Legitimate filiation is established to the father in cases where one of the paternity conditions is fulfilled, and it creates all of the legal effects of paternity. Article 145 When the filiation of a child of unknown paternity is established by acknowledgement of paternity or by judicial decision, the child shall become legitimate, acquire his father’s name and religion, they mutually inherit from each other, and such filiation creates the marriage impediments and results in the paternity and filiation rights and duties. Article 146 Filiation to the mother produces the same effects regardless of whether the children are the result of a legitimate or illegitimate relationship. Article 147 Filiation to the mother is established by: - the delivery of the child; - acknowledgement by the mother, in accordance with the conditions cited in Article 160 below; - judicial decision. Maternal filiation is deemed legitimate in cases of marriage, sexual relations by error and rape. Article 148 Illegitimate filiation to the father does not produce any of the effects of legitimate filiation. Article 149 Adoption has no legal value and does not result in any of the effects of legitimate filiation. “Gratitude adoption” (jaza) or “testamentary adoption” (tanzil) cannot prove paternity, and are subject to the terms of the testament. 34 Chapter II: Of Paternity and Modes of its Proof Article 150 Paternity is a legitimate bond between the father and the child that is transmitted through generations. Article 151 Paternity is