regarding the estimation of maintenance necessary for the ward, and to organize his or her upbringing, education, and the management of the ward’s estate. A family council shall be established and entrusted with aiding the court in matters pertaining to the family’s affairs; the composition and the tasks of the council shall be defined by administrative regulations. Article 252 By order and under the supervision of the Guardianship Judge, two Adouls (public notaries) shall undertake a final and comprehensive inventory of the ward’s assets, vested rights and liabilities, after notification of the Public Prosecutor’s Office and in the presence of the heirs, the legal representative, and the ward if he or she has attained the age of fifteen. Expert assistance may be sought in the inventory process, the evaluation of assets, and the assessment of liabilities. Article 253 The testamentary or court-appointed guardian must record all acts that he or she undertakes on behalf of the ward and their dates in the register provided for in preceding Article 250. Article 254 If assets of the ward materialize that had not been entered in the previous inventory, the testamentary or court-appointed guardian shall attach an appendix to the first inventory. Article 255 The testamentary or court-appointed guardian shall submit through two certified accountants appointed by the judge an annual financial statement with all supporting documents to the Guardianship Judge. The judge shall not approve the financial statements until he has scrutinized and controlled them and verified their accuracy. If he detects any errors, he shall take all measures necessary in order to safeguard the ward’s rights. 51 Article 256 The testamentary or court-appointed guardian shall respond to requests by the Guardianship Judge at any time in order to provide clarifications about the management of the ward’s estate and furnish a financial statement. Article 257 The testamentary or court-appointed guardian shall be held liable for mismanagement of the ward’s estate. The provisions applicable to a salaried trustee shall apply to him or her even if he or she performs his mission for free. The testamentary or court-appointed guardian may be liable for criminal proceedings, if necessary. Article 258 The mission of the testamentary or court-appointed guardian comes to an end in the following cases: 1. The death of the ward, or the death or absence of the testamentary or court-appointed guardian; 2. When the ward attains the age of legal majority, unless the court decides to maintain the guardianship for other reasons; 3. When the mission for which the testamentary or court-appointed guardian was designated has been accomplished or when the period of time for which the testamentary or courtappointed guardian has been designated expires; 4. When a justification invoked to resign from the mission has been accepted; 5. When he or she loses capacity or is discharged or removed from his or her functions. Article 259 If the mission of the testamentary or court-appointed guardian comes to an end for reasons other than death or loss of civil capacity, she or