to exceed thirty days to provide maintenance to his wife, under penalty of divorce, except in cases of force majeure or exceptional circumstances. 3- The court shall grant the wife’s petition for divorce immediately if the husband refuses to provide maintenance and does not prove his financial incapacity. Article 103 The same provisions shall be applied to the absent husband whose address of residence is known and who receives notice of the petition. If the absent husband’s address of residence is unknown, the court shall confirm this with assistance of the Public Prosecutor’s Office, verify the validity of the request, and proceed to settle the case in light of the results of the investigation and the supporting documents. 27 Section 3: Of Absence Article 104 If the husband is absent from the conjugal home for more than one year, the wife may petition for divorce. The court shall verify the absence, its length, and his location by all means. If the husband’s absence is established and his address of residence is known, the court shall inform him about the petition by formal notice to allow him to respond, and grant the divorce if he does not appear to cohabitate with his wife or if he does not bring her to live with him. Article 105 If the absent husband’s address is unknown, the court, with the help of the Public Prosecutor’s Office, shall take all appropriate measures to notify him of the wife’s petition, including the appointment of a proxy. If he does not appear, the court shall grant the divorce. Article 106 If the husband has been sentenced to imprisonment or detention for more than three years, the wife may petition for divorce after a year of his detention, and in all cases she may petition for divorce two years after his detention. Section 4: Of The Latent Defect Article 107 Defects that are considered as impacting the stability of conjugal life and that justify its dissolution are: 1- Any defect that prevents intimate conjugal relations; 2- Diseases that will endanger the life or the health of the other spouse and cannot be cured within one year. Article 108 The petition filed by one of the spouses for divorce on the basis of a latent defect is subject to the following conditions: 1- The petitioner must not have known about the defect at the time the marriage contract was concluded; 2- The petitioner must not have behaved in a way that would imply his or her consent to the latent defect once she or he had knowledge of its incurable nature. Article 109 No dowry is paid in the case of divorce on the grounds of a latent defect granted by the court before the marriage is consummated, and if the marriage has been consummated, the husband has the right to seek reimbursement of the dowry from a spouse who misled him or knowingly hid a latent defect. Article 110 When the husband is aware of the defect before