either person or to the child, the terms of the visits may be revised and amended to take into account the new circumstances. Article 184 The court may take any measures it deems necessary, including the modification of the visitation terms and withdrawal of custody, in the event of breach of or deception in the execution of the agreement or the visitation decree. Article 185 If either of the child’s parents should die, the parents of the deceased shall be entitled to visit the child in accordance with the previous child visitation arrangements. Article 186 The court shall take into account the interests of the child when applying the provisions of the present Section. 40 Title Three: Of Financial Maintenance Chapter I: General Provisions Article 187 Each person shall support himself or herself with his or own resources, with the exception of those persons who have been statutorily exempted. Financial maintenance for others is due for reasons of marriage, kinship, and commitment. Article 188 No person is required to pay maintenance to any other person unless he first has sufficient means to support himself, and self-sufficiency is presumed until proven to the contrary. Article 189 Maintenance shall include food, clothing, medical care, and all that is deemed indispensable, as well as children’s education, taking into consideration the provisions of preceding Article 168. A number of elements shall be taken into account to fix maintenance: a pondered average, the income of the maintenance provider, the status of the maintenance recipient, the cost of living, as well as the customs and traditions prevailing in the locality where maintenance is awarded. Article 190 In assessing maintenance, the court shall rely on the declarations made by the two parties and the evidence they present, taking into account the provisions of preceding Articles 85 and 189, and may resort to expert assistance. All cases pertaining to maintenance shall be decided within a maximum of one month. Article 191 The court shall determine the means by which the maintenance decree and accommodation costs will be executed from the resources of the person ordered to pay them, or withheld from his source of income or salary earned, and if necessary any guarantees to ensure the continuity of maintenance payments. The decision rendered on the assessment of maintenance shall remain in effect until the issuance of another decision that replaces it or until the right of the person benefiting from the maintenance lapses. Article 192 No petition for an increase, or alternatively, a decrease in the agreed-upon or legally fixed maintenance shall be admissible before one year has elapsed, except in exceptional circumstances. 41 Article 193 If the person obligated to pay maintenance is unable to pay it to all persons he is legally required to support, precedence shall be given to the wife, to younger children, be they boys or girls, then to daughters, sons, mother, and then to the father. Chapter II: Of Maintenance Paid to the Wife Article 194 The husband shall be obligated to