it has been consummated by a dowry established by the court in consideration of the social status of both spouses. Article 61 The marriage that is defective because of the contract is annulled before and after consummation in the following cases: - If the marriage was concluded when either spouse had a serious contagious disease, unless the sick person was cured after the marriage; - When the husband contracts the marriage in order to permit a woman who has been repudiated three times to remarry her former husband; - When the marriage took place without the presence of the marital tutor when his presence is required; - Repudiation and divorce in the preceding cases are valid if pronounced before the annulment decree. Article 62 If the offer and acceptance are constrained by a deadline or a suspensive or nullifying condition, the provisions of preceding Article 47 apply. Article 63 Either spouse who was placed under duress or deceived by fraud with the intent to induce him or her to agree to the marriage, or by facts expressly stipulated as a condition in the contract, can petition for the annulment of the marriage before or after consummation within a period not to exceed two months from the date when the duress was lifted, or she or he discovered the fraud. She or he has the right to demand compensation. 19 Article 64 The marriage which is annulled by virtue of preceding Articles 60 and 61 has no effects before consummation, but after it consummation it has the same effects as a valid marriage contract until the annulment decree is rendered. Title Six: Of the Formalities and Administrative Measures to Legalize a Marriage Contract Article 65 I. A marriage contract record is created and maintained at the Court Clerk’s office at the Family Court where the marriage is to be concluded, and it shall include the following documents: 1- An application form requesting registration of the marriage contract. Its form and content shall be specified in a decree by the Minister of Justice; 2- A copy of the birth certificate. The civil status officer shall mention in the margins of this copy its date of issuance, specifying that it was issued for the purpose of marriage; 3- An administrative certificate for both of the engaged parties, whose content shall be defined in a joint decree by the Ministers of Justice and Interior; 4- A medical certificate for each of the two engaged parties, whose content and procedures for issuing shall be defined in a joint decree by the Ministers of Justice and Health; 5- A marriage authorization is also required in the following cases: - Marriage of persons not yet of legal age; - Polygamy when the conditions required by this Moudawana are fulfilled; - The marriage of a mentally disabled person; - The marriage of persons who have converted to Islam and foreigners. 6- A certificate of capacity to marry or its equivalent for foreigners. II. The Family Affairs Judge in