he shall submit a financial statement with the requisite supporting documents within a deadline fixed by the Guardianship Judge and not to exceed thirty days, except in compelling circumstances. The court shall examine the submitted financial statement. Article 260 The testamentary or court-appointed guardian is liable for all damages caused by any unjustified delay in the submission of the financial statements or in the transfer of the ward’s assets. Article 261 The estate shall be transferred to the ward when he or she attains majority, and to his or her heirs upon death, and to the person who assumes the responsibilities of the testamentary or court-appointed guardian in other cases. In the event the estate is not transferred, the provisions of Article 270 below shall apply. Article 262 In the event the testamentary or court-appointed guardian dies or loses his or her civil capacity, the Guardianship Judge shall take the appropriate measures to protect and safeguard the ward’s estate. 52 Debts and compensation due to the ward from the deceased testamentary or court- appointed guardian’s estate are privileged liens, in accordance with the ranks provided for in the second paragraph, bis of Article 1248 of the Sherifyan Dahir (or Royal Edict), dated August 12, 1913, which serves as the Law of Obligations and Contracts. Article 263 The ward who has come of age or whose guardianship has been removed reserves the right to take legal action against the testamentary or court-appointed guardian, or any other person entrusted with the same if he or she deems that any acts related to the management of his or her accounts or estate has been adverse to his or her interests. Such legal actions must be brought within the two years following the attainment of majority or the removal of the guardianship, except in cases of falsification, fraud or concealment of documents, which shall be actionable within one year following knowledge of such acts. Article 264 The testamentary or court-appointed guardian may request compensation for exercising legal representation, and such compensation shall be fixed by the court as of the date of the request. Chapter III: Of Judicial Oversight Article 265 The court shall undertake the oversight of legal representation in accordance with the provisions outlined in this Book. Oversight entails supervising the interests of the incapacitated and persons whose capacity is impaired, and ordering all measures necessary to preserve their interests and supervise their management. Article 266 If a deceased person leaves behind minor heirs, or if the testamentary or court- appointed guardian dies, the local administrative authorities and the relatives with whom the deceased lived shall notify the Guardianship Judge of the death within a time limit not to exceed eight days, and the Public Prosecutor’s Office is required to notify the judge as soon as it learns of the death. The deadline cited in the previous paragraph shall be extended to one month if the deceased’s relative or the testamentary or court-appointed guardian has lost his or her capacity. Article 267