father executes the judgment for their accommodation. The court shall define the measures and procedures that will guarantee the execution of the judgment by the father concerned. 37 Article 169 The father or the legal tutor and the mother custodian must safeguard the child’s interests, including his or her education and upbringing; however, the ward always spends the night at the custodian’s house unless the judge decides otherwise. If the custodian is other than the mother, that custodian must supervise and follow up daily on the child’s homework. In the event of disagreement between the legal tutor and the custodian, the case shall be presented to the court to settle according to the child’s interests. Article 170 The right of custody shall be restored to the person entitled to it when the grounds for its withdrawal no longer exist. The court may reconsider custody when it is in the interests of the child. Chapter II: Of People Entitled to Custody and their Order of Priority Article 171 Child custody shall be awarded first to the mother, then to the father, then to the maternal grandmother of the child. If this proves difficult, the court shall decide, in light of the evidence before it and in view of what would serve the interests of the child, to award custody to the most qualified of the child’s relatives, while guaranteeing the child suitable lodging as one of the custody obligations. Article 172 The court may resort to the assistance of a social worker to prepare a report on the custodian’s home and the extent to which it meets the material and moral needs of the child. Chapter III: Conditions for Awarding Custody and Causes for its Withdrawal Article 173 Custodian Criteria: 1. Persons other than the parents must have reached the age of legal majority; 2. Moral rectitude and trustworthiness; 3. The ability to raise the child, protect his or her health and ensure his or her moral and religious upbringing and schooling; 4. Women petitioners for custody may not marry except in the cases provided for in Articles 174 and 175 below. Should changes occur in the status of the custodian that are likely to cause harm to the child, child custody shall be withdrawn and awarded to the next eligible person. Article 174 The marriage of a woman custodian other than the mother shall result in her loss of custody, except in the two following instances: 38 1. If her husband is in a degree of kinship relations that precludes marriage, or is the child’s legal representative; 2. If she is the child’s legal representative. Article 175 The marriage of the custodial mother shall not result in the loss of her custody of the child in the following cases: 1. If the child has not attained the age of seven years; or if such a separation may inflict harm on him or her; 2. If the child suffers from an illness or a handicap which renders his or her custody