the marriage contract is concluded, and divorces before the marriage is consummated, half of the dowry must be paid. 28 Article 111 Recourse is made to specialized experts to help identify the defect or disease. Section 5: Of Abstinence or Abandonment Article 112 When the husband takes an oath of abstinence from his wife or abandons her, the wife may petition the court, which will set a deadline of four months, and if after this time the husband has not repented his oath, the court shall grant the divorce. Section 6: Of Divorce Suits Article 113 Decisions shall be rendered in divorce suits based on one of the grounds provided for in preceding Article 98 after a reconciliation attempt, except in cases based on absence, and within a delay not to exceed six months, barring exceptional circumstances. The court shall also rule on the vested rights of the wife and children, as specified in preceding Articles 84 and 85. Title Five: Of Divorce by Mutual Consent or Divorce in Exchange for Compensation Chapter I: Of Divorce by Mutual Consent Article 114 The spouses may mutually agree on the principle of ending their conjugal relationship with or without conditions, provided that the conditions do not contradict the provisions of this Moudawana, and do not harm the children’s interests. When the spouses agree, one or both of them shall petition the court for divorce, accompanied by the authorization to validate it. The court shall attempt to reconcile the husband and wife. When this proves impossible, the court shall authorize the certification and validation of the divorce. Chapter II: Of Divorce in Exchange for Compensation (khol) Article 115 The spouses may agree on divorce in exchange for compensation according to the provisions of preceding Article 114. Article 116 A woman of legal majority may obtain divorce in exchange for compensation, whereas divorce by a woman who has not yet reached the age of legal majority occurs when a third party pays in her place, and she cannot be forced to undertake this procedure unless her legal tutor consents. 29 Article 117 The wife may recover the sum she paid to obtain the divorce if she proves that she acted under duress or as the result of harm caused by her husband, and in all cases the divorce shall be granted. Article 118 Anything that constitutes a source of legal commitment may be used to pay to obtain divorce, without, however, any abuse or exaggeration. Article 119 If the woman is in a precarious financial situation, the compensation for divorce shall not be exchanged from funds reserved for the children or their maintenance. If the woman who divorced in exchange for compensation cannot financially maintain her children, their maintenance becomes an obligation of the father, without calling into question his right to renew conjugal life with her. Article 120 If the spouses agree on the principle of divorce in exchange for compensation, yet disagree on its amount, the case shall be brought before the