does not appear in court, or refuses to accept the summons, the court sends her a formal notice by a process server instructing her that if she does not appear at the hearing scheduled in the notice, the husband’s petition will be decided in her absence. The petition is also decided in the wife’s absence when it is impossible for the Public Prosecutor Office to ascertain her permanent address or place of residence where the summons may be delivered. When the wife does not receive the summons due to the mala fide transmission of a false address by the husband or the falsification of the wife’s name, the husband incurs, upon request by the prejudiced wife, the penalties provided for in Article 361 of the Penal Code. Article 44 The hearing takes place in the consultation room in the presence of both parties, and both are heard in order to reach agreement and reconcile them after an examination of the facts and the presentation of the requested justifications. The court may authorize polygamy in a well-founded decision not open to appeal once it establishes the existence of an objective and exceptional justification and puts into place conditions benefiting the first wife and her children. Article 45 When the court confirms in the discussions that continuation of the conjugal relationship is impossible, and where the wife whose husband wants to take another wife persists in her request for a divorce, the court determines a sum of money corresponding to the first wife’s full rights as well as those of their children that he is required to support. The husband must pay the fixed sum of money within a maximum time limit of seven days. Upon submission of the requisite sum of money, the court issues the divorce decree. 15 This decision is not open to appeal as concerns the dissolution of the marital relationship. The non submission of the requisite sum of money within the fixed deadline is considered as a withdrawal of the polygamy authorization petition. If the husband persists in his polygamy authorization petition, and the wife to whom he wishes to join a co-wife refuses to consent and does not ask for divorce, the court automatically applies the irreconcilable differences procedure in Articles 94 and 97 below. Article 46 If the polygamy authorisation petition is granted, the marriage with the future wife cannot be concluded until the judge has informed her that the applicant husband is already married and she has consented to this. This notice and consent are recorded in an official report. Title Four: Of Volitional Conditions in the Marriage Contract and their Effects Article 47 All conditions are binding except for those contrary to the terms and objectives of marriage and to compulsory legal rules; such conditions are void while the contract remains valid. Article 48 Conditions that confer a legitimate benefit on the person who drew them up are valid and binding on the spouse who agreed to them. If facts or circumstances render