be written; or else expressed by means of an unequivocal sign; 2- congruent and concurrent; 3- irrevocable and not restricted by a condition or a suspensive or nullifying deadline. Article 12 Any marriage contract concluded under duress or by fraud is subject to the provisions of Articles 63 and 66 below. Article 13 The conditions required to contract marriage are: 1- The legal capacity of both spouses to marry; 2- No intention or agreement to cancel the dowry; 3- A marital tutor, if required; 4- The hearing and notarized statement by two adouls (public notaries) of the offer and acceptance pronounced by the two spouses; 5- The absence of any legal impediments. Article 14 Moroccans living abroad may conclude their marriage according to the local administrative procedures of their country of residence, provided that the conditions of consent, capacity, and the marital tutor if required are all fulfilled, and that there are no legal impediments to the marriage nor cancellation of the dowry; and this in the presence of two Muslim witnesses and subject to the provisions of Article 21 below. Article 15 Moroccans who have concluded their marriage according to the laws of their country of residence must submit a copy of the marriage contract within three months of its conclusion to the Moroccan consular section of the consular district where the marriage contract was concluded. In the absence of a Moroccan Consulate, the copy must be sent within the same deadline to the appropriate department at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. The appropriate department at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs will transmit this copy to the Civil Status Officer and to the Family Court at the birthplaces of both spouses. If both or one of the spouses was not born in Morocco, the copy will be transmitted to the Family Court in Rabat and to the Attorney General’s Office at the Court of First Instance in Rabat. Article 16 A marriage contract is the accepted legal proof of marriage. 10 If for reasons of force majeure the marriage contract was not officially registered in due time, the court may take into consideration all legal evidence and expertise; During its enquiry the court shall take into consideration the existence of children or a pregnancy from the conjugal relationship, and whether the petition was brought during the couple’s lifetimes; Petitions for recognition of a marriage are admissible within an interim period not to exceed five years from the date this law goes into effect. Article 17 The marriage contract is concluded in the presence of the parties. However, delegation to a proxy is possible with the authorization of the Family Affairs Judge in charge of marriage under the following conditions: 1- Special circumstances that prevent the delegating party to be personally present to conclude the marriage contract; 2- A delegation for the marriage contract drawn up by a notary or public authority, or a private contract with the notarized signature of the delegating party; 3- The proxy must have reached