the spouses and do their best to resolve the conflict. If the two arbitrators reconcile the two spouses, they shall write a report, make three copies of it, signed by them as well as the spouses, and submit the three copies to the court, which remits a copy to each spouse and files one in the record, and certifies it. Article 96 When the two arbitrators disagree on the content of the report or in the attribution of responsibility, or do not submit the report within the requisite deadline, the court may conduct an additional investigation by all means it judges appropriate. Article 97 In the event reconciliation is impossible to reach, and the conflict between the spouses persists, the court shall make written mention of this in an official report of the proceedings, and grant the divorce as well as fix the vested rights to be paid according to preceding Articles 83, 84 and 85, taking into account each spouse’s responsibility for the cause of the separation when considering measures it will order the responsible party to take in favour of the other spouse. The irreconcilable differences suit shall be settled within a deadline not to exceed six months from the date the petition was filed. Chapter Two: Of Divorce for Other Causes Article 98 The wife may petition for divorce on one of the following grounds: 1- Non respect by the husband of one of the conditions in the marriage contract; 2- Harm; 3- Non maintenance; 4- Absence; 5- Latent defect; 6- Abstinence and abandonment. 26 Section 1: Of Non Respect of One of the Conditions in the Marriage Contract or Harm Article 99 Failure to respect any condition in the marriage contract constitutes a harm justifying a divorce request. Any ignominious behaviour by the husband or act against good character that causes the wife material or moral harm such that the continuance of the conjugal relationship is rendered unendurable shall be considered a harm justifying a divorce request Article 100 The harm suffered is established by all means of proof, including the testimony of witnesses, who are heard by the court in the consultation room. If the wife does not prove the harm and maintains her request for divorce, she may resort to the irreconcilable differences procedure. Article 101 In the event the court grants divorce on the grounds of harm, the court may fix in the same judgement the amount of compensation due for the harm. Section 2: Of Non Maintenance Article 102 The wife may petition for divorce on the grounds of non respect by the husband of his current maintenance obligations towards her, in accordance with the following situations and provisions: 1- If the husband has assets from which to award maintenance, the court may fix the means for paying the wife maintenance, and does not grant her petition for divorce. 2- In the event the husband proves his incapacity, the court shall fix, according to the circumstances, a deadline for the husband not