pay maintenance to his wife the moment their marriage is consummated, as well as if she has bidden her husband to consummate their marriage once it has been duly concluded. Article 195 Maintenance for the wife shall be awarded by judicial decision starting from the date the husband has ceased to pay the maintenance expenses incumbent upon him, and the wife does not lose her right to maintenance unless she has been ordered to return to the conjugal home and has refused. Article 196 A wife who has been revocably repudiated shall lose her right to accommodation but not to maintenance if she leaves the home where she is required to observe the legal waiting period without the consent of her husband or without a good reason. A wife who is pregnant and has been irrevocably repudiated shall be entitled to maintenance until the delivery and if she is not pregnant she is entitled to accommodation only until her legal waiting period has ended. Chapter III: Of Maintenance Paid to Close Relatives Article 197 Among close relatives, maintenance is an obligation of children towards their two parents, and of the two parents towards their children, according to the dispositions of this Moudawana. Section 1: Of Maintenance Paid to Children Article 198 Maintenance paid by the father to his children shall continue until they come of legal age, or until those who have pursued their education reach the age of twenty-five. In any case, maintenance paid to the daughter shall not cease until she can earn a living on her own or until her maintenance becomes incumbent upon her husband. The father shall continue to pay maintenance to children suffering from a handicap and unable to earn a living. 42 Article 199 In the event the father becomes wholly or partly unable to pay maintenance to his children, and the mother is affluent, the latter shall become responsible for their maintenance in proportion to the amount the father is unable to pay. Article 200 An injunction to pay maintenance to children shall be issued starting from the day such payment has ceased. Article 201 The salary due for the breastfeeding of the child shall be incumbent upon the person to whom the maintenance of the child devolves. Article 202 Whoever is responsible for child maintenance but fails to pay it without good reason for a period exceeding one month shall become liable under the provisions governing family neglect. Section 2: Of Maintenance Paid to Parents Article 203 Maintenance due to parents is shared by their children according to their affluence and not according to their inheritance shares. Article 204 The injunction ordering maintenance for parents shall start from the date the request was filed. Chapter IV: Of the Commitment to Pay Maintenance Article 205 Whoever commits to paying maintenance to another person, be he young or old, for a limited period of time shall become liable for his commitment, and if the maintenance is for an undetermined period the court shall,