a request initiated by the testamentary guardian, the court-appointed guardian or the young person concerned. The Guardianship Judge may revoke the decision granting this permission at the request of the testamentary guardian, the court-appointed guardian, the Public Prosecutor’s Office, or on its own motion, if it is established that there is mismanagement by the person concerned. A person under guardianship is deemed fully capable of acts he or she has been authorized to perform, as well as to engage in legal proceedings concerning them. Article 227 The legal tutor may withdraw the permission granted the young discerning person if there are grounds for it. Article 228 The acts of prodigal and demented persons shall be subject to the provisions of preceding Article 225. Title Two: Of Legal Representation Chapter I: General Provisions Article 229 Legal representation of a minor shall be exercised by the legal tutor, the testamentary guardian or a court-appointed guardian. Article 230 Legal representative in this code means: 1. The legal tutor: the father, the mother, and the judge; 2. The testamentary guardian: designated in a testament by the father or mother; 3. The court-appointed guardian. Article 231 Legal representation is exercised by: 1. A father of legal majority; 2. A mother of legal majority, in the absence of the father or when the father is deprived of his capacity; 3. A testamentary guardian designated by the father; 4. A testamentary guardian designated by the mother; 5. The judge; 6. The court-appointed guardian. Article 232 In the event the minor is under the effective protection of a person or an institution, that 47 person or institution shall be considered as the legal representative of the minor in his or personal affairs until the judge appoints an official guardian for the minor. Article 233 A legal representative shall act as the legal tutor of a minor and his or her property until the minor has attained legal majority. He or she shall act in the same way regarding an insane person until the guardianship is removed by court decision. Legal representation of prodigal and demented persons shall be limited to their property until guardianship is removed by court decision. Article 234 The court may appoint a court-appointed guardian, in addition to the testamentary guardian, in order to assist him or her or to manage some of the minor’s financial interests. Chapter II: Of the Functions and Responsibilities of the Legal Representative Article 235 The legal representative shall manage the personal affairs of the ward, including religious orientation, training, and preparation for life, and shall also assume the daily management of the ward’s property. The legal representative is required to notify the Guardianship Judge of the existence of money, documents, jewellery, and any valuable movable property and is for failure to do so, and on the basis of a judicial order the money and movable property shall be deposited in an account for the minor at a public institution for it to be preserved. In the exercise of these