child’s paternity be unknown; 3- That the declarations of the author of the acknowledgement not be contradicted by the truth or plausibility; 4- That the child accepts the acknowledgement if she or he has reached the age of legal majority, and if not, she or he has the right to petition to contest the paternity upon coming of age. The designated mother may deny her affiliation to the child or present evidence that rebuts it. Any interested party may contest the validity of the existence of the preceding conditions for acknowledgement provided that the acknowledged person is still alive. Article 161 Only the father may acknowledge paternity. Article 162 The acknowledgement shall be proven by official certification or by an indisputable handwritten statement irrefutably made by the person making the acknowledgement 36 Title Two: Of Custody Chapter I: General Provisions Article 163 Custody preserves the child from harm and ensures his or her education and the protection of his or her interests. The custodian must take all necessary measures to guarantee the physical and psychological security of the child in his or her custody, manage his or her interests in the absence of the legal tutor, and as necessary when then interests of the child in his or her custody are jeopardized. Article 164 Custody is the parents’ duty as long as the marriage relationship exists. Article 165 If among the people entitled to be entrusted with custody no one accepts it or fulfils the required conditions, either the party concerned or the Public Prosecutor’s Office may request the court to appoint whomever it deems fit among the child’s relatives or other persons, or else selects an institution designated for this purpose. Article 166 Custody is exercised until both the boy and the girl reach the age of legal majority. Following the termination of his or her parents’ marriage, a child who completes fifteen years of age has the right to choose either the father or mother as custodian. A child without parents may choose one of the relatives cited in following Article 171, provided that his or her interests are not jeopardized and that the legal tutor consents. In the absence of agreement, the case shall be presented to the judge to settle the matter according to the interests of the minor. Article 167 The custodial salary and expenses shall be covered by the person responsible for the child’s maintenance, and are separate from the breastfeeding salary and child support. No custodial salary is due the mother when the marriage relationship still exists, or during the legal waiting period following a revocable repudiation. Article 168 Accommodation expenses for the child shall be fixed separately from child support, the custodial salary and other custodial expenses. The father must provide accommodation for his children or pay a sum of money estimated by the court for the payment of their rent, in accordance with the provisions of Article 191 below. Children may not be evicted from their parents’ conjugal home until the