into the Moudawana. Children’s interests with respect to custody are also guaranteed by awarding custody to the mother, then to the father, then to the maternal grandmother. Should this prove impossible, the judge will entrust custody to the most qualified relative. Furthermore, the child under custody is guaranteed suitable accommodation, separate from the other financial maintenance obligations, and cases concerning maintenance obligations must be settled swiftly within a one-month time limit. Nine: Protect the child’s right to acknowledgement of paternity in the event the marriage has not been officially registered for reasons of force majeure, where the court examines the evidence presented to prove filiation, and establish a five year time limit for settling outstanding cases in this regard to put an end to the suffering endured by children in this situation. Ten: Allow the granddaughter and grandson on the daughter’s side the right to inherit from their grandfather, just as the grandchildren on the son’s side, in keeping with the principles of ijtihad (juridical reasoning) and justice in the compulsory legacy. Eleven: Concerning the management of property acquired by the two spouses during marriage: while confirming the principle of separate marital property, the bill makes it possible for the couple to agree, in a document separate from the marriage contract, on a framework for managing assets acquired during marriage. In case of disagreement, the judge shall resort to general rules of evidence to assess each spouse’s contribution to the development of the family capital. Ladies and gentlemen, honourable Members of Parliament, The reforms, of which we cited the most important, should not be considered as a victory of one group over another, but rather constitute achievements for all Moroccans, and we took care to ensure that they were consistent with the following principles and references: 5 - I cannot, as Commander of the Faithful, permit what God has forbidden and forbid what God has permitted. - Adopt the tolerant principles of Islam in advocating human dignity, and enhancing justice, equality and good amicable social relations, and with the cohesiveness of the Malekite School as well as ijtihad (juridical reasoning), which makes Islam valid for any time and place, to implement a modern Moudawana for the family, consistent with the spirit of our glorious religion. - Not consider the Moudawana as a law for the woman only, but a Moudawana for the entire family - father, mother and children - and further ensure that this Moudawana eliminates discrimination against women, protects the rights of children and preserves men’s dignity. Would any one of you agree to throw his family, wife and children out of the home into the street, or for his daughter or sister to be treated unjustly? As the King of all Moroccans, we do not legislate for specific groups or categories of people, rather we epitomize the general will of the nation, which we consider as our extended family. To protect the rights of our faithful subjects of Jewish faith, we have emphasized in the new Family