The Guardianship Judge shall order the establishment of a legal document outlining the rightful heirs and take all measures necessary to preserve the minor’s personal rights and financial interests. Article 268 After consultation with the family council if necessary, the Guardianship Judge shall fix the expenses and compensation required for the management of the ward’s estate. 53 Article 269 In the event the legal representative wishes to engage in a transaction that results in a conflict of interest between himself, his wife, or one of his ascendants or descendants on the one hand, and the wards’ interests on the other, he shall petition the court, which may authorize the transaction and appoint an ad hoc representative for the ward, who will conclude the requisite agreement and strive to preserve the ward’s interests. Article 270 In accordance with generally applicable rules, and after he or she has not responded to a formal notice within the prescribed time limit, the testamentary or court-appointed guardian may be liable to a fine, and his or her assets subjected to attachment or receivership if he or she does not observe the provisions of preceding Article 256 or refuses to present the financial statements or to transfer any of the ward’s property still in his or her possession. In the event the testamentary or court-appointed guardian fails in his or her mission or becomes incapable of performing it, or in the existence of one the impediments cited in preceding Article 247, the court may, after hearing his or her explanation, discharge him or her of his duties or dismiss him or her, either at its own initiative, or at the request of the Public Prosecutor’s Office or the concerned person(s). Article 271 The testamentary or court-appointed guardian may not perform any of the following acts unless he has obtained authorization from the Guardianship Judge: 1. Sell any of the ward’s immovable or movable property whose value exceeds 10,000 dirhams or perform any transaction that creates in rem rights on the property; 2. Contribute a portion of the ward’s money to a civil or business firm or invest it in a business venture or speculation; 3. Waive a right or a claim, opt for reconciliation, or accept an arbitrated settlement on the ward’s property; 4. Enter into leases whose expiration extends beyond the end of the guardianship; 5. Accept or reject donations encumbered by a condition or a right; 6. Pay debts for which no binding judicial decision has been issued; 7. Pay from the ward’s assets any maintenance incumbent on the ward unless it has been ordered by a binding judicial decision. Any decision issued by the judge that authorizes the performance of any of the above shall be duly justified. Article 272 The sale of movable property susceptible to depreciation and whose value exceeds 5,000 dirhams does not require authorization, and the same applies to immovable or movable property whose value does not exceed 5,000 dirhams, providing that the sale is not used as a