Moudawana; 4- Breastfeeding by the mother whenever possible; 5- All possible measures that guarantee the children’s natural development, with the protection of their physical and psychological integrity, and care for their health 17 through both prevention and treatment; 6- Religious guidance, proper education on sound noble principles of honesty in statements and actions, prevention of violence against children that leads to physical and psychological harm, and protection from any exploitation that might harm their interests; 7- Providing them with education and training that will enable them to integrate professional life and become useful citizens in society. To the extent possible, parents must provide adequate circumstances for their children to pursue their studies according to their physical and intellectual capacities. In the event of divorce between the spouses, these duties are distributed between the spouses according to the custody provisions. In the event of the death of one or both spouses, these duties are incumbent upon the custodian and the legal tutor, according to their respective responsibilities. The disabled child enjoys, in addition to the abovementioned rights, the right to special care for his condition, particularly adequate education and rehabilitation appropriate for his disability in order to facilitate his integration into society. The State is responsible for taking the necessary adequate measures to protect children, and for guaranteeing and protecting their rights according to the law. The Public Prosecutor’s Office shall monitor the application of the preceding provisions. Section 3: Of Relatives Article 55 The marriage contract has effects that extend to each spouse’s relatives, including marriage impediments due to kinship by marriage, breastfeeding, and affiliation. Chapter II: Of the Invalid Marriage and its Effects Article 56 The invalid marriage is either null and void or defective. Section 1: Of the Null and Void Marriage Article 57 The marriage is null and void when: 1- One of the fundamental conditions cited in Article 10 is not fulfilled; 2- If one of the marriage impediments cited in preceding Articles 35 to 39 exists between the spouses; 3- Absence of congruence between the offer and the acceptance. 18 Article 58 The court shall declare such a marriage invalid in accordance with the provisions of preceding Article 57 the moment it gains knowledge of it, or upon the request of the concerned party. After consummation, this marriage results in payment of the dowry, and when good intentions are present it also results in the acknowledgement of paternity as well as the impediments that result from the marriage. Section 2: Of the Defective Marriage Article 59 The marriage is defective if one of the conditions for its validity is not fulfilled, in accordance with Articles 60 and 61 below. Some of these marriages are annulled before they are consummated and validated after consummation, while other marriages are annulled before and after consummation. Article 60 The defective marriage is annulled before it is consummated and does not result in a dowry when the dowry does not meet the legal conditions. The marriage may be validated after