wife’s domicile or place of residence, or the place where the marriage contract was issued, in that order. Article 80 The petition for authorization to certify a repudiation contains the identity of both spouses, their professions, their address(es), and the number of children if any, their ages, and their state of health and educational status. The petition must be accompanied by the marriage record and evidence of the husband’s material situation and financial obligations. Article 81 The court shall subpoena the two spouses for a reconciliation attempt. If the husband personally receives the summons and does not appear, this is considered a withdrawal of his petition. If the wife personally receives the summons, and neither appears nor submits a written response, the court notifies her through the Public Prosecutor that if she does not appear, the case will be decided in her absence. When the wife’s address is unknown, the court, with the assistance of the Public Prosecutor, determines the facts, and if it is established that the husband provided false statements, upon the wife’s request he shall incur the penalties provided for by Article 361 of the Penal Code. 23 Article 82 When the two spouses appear, the discussions take place in the consultation room, including the hearing of witnesses and any other person the court deems useful to hear. The court may take all necessary measures, including the appointment of two arbitrators, a family council or whomever it deems qualified to reconcile the couple. In the existence of children, the court undertakes two reconciliation attempts separated by a minimum of 30 days. If the attempts to reconcile the spouses succeed, an official report is written and filed at the court. Article 83 If the attempts to reconcile the spouses fail, the court shall fix a sum of money that the husband must deposit at the court within a maximum delay of thirty days to discharge all vested rights due to the wife and dependent children as provided for by the two following articles. Article 84 The amount due to the wife includes: the delayed dowry if appropriate, maintenance for the iddat (legal waiting period) and the Consolation Gift, which is assessed based on the length of the marriage, the financial means of the husband, the reasons for the repudiation, and the degree to which the husband has abused this right. During the iddat period the wife remains in the conjugal home, or, if need be, in a suitable home based on her and the husband’s financial situation. Failing this, the court shall fix an amount of money to cover housing expenses to be deposited with the court as part of the vested rights due to the wife. Article 85 The amount of vested rights due to dependent children is determined according to Articles 168 and 190 below, taking into consideration their standard of living and educational situation prior to the divorce. Article 86 If the husband does not deposit the amount of money provided for in preceding Article