of all its Members behind the Commander of the Faithful to provide all the means and texts to permit the establishment of an integrated and harmonious legislative apparatus, which will serve to consolidate the family and enhance the joining of forces in society. Given all of these considerations, the Parliament is proud of the precious content and enlightened guidance in His Majesty the King’s historical speech upon the opening of the second legislative year of the seventh term. Those orientations will be adopted by the Parliament as the best preamble for the Family Code, particularly what was included in the sovereign Royal speech, as the King, may God support him said: “In our sovereign instructions and guidance to the Commission, and while giving our views on the Family Code bill, we adopted the following fundamental reforms: One: Adopt a modern form of wording and remove degrading and debasing terms for women. Place the family under the joint responsibility of both spouses, given that ‘women are men’s sisters before the law’ in keeping with the words of my ancestor the Chosen Prophet Sidna Mohammed, Peace Be Upon Him, as reported, ‘Only an honourable person dignifies women, and only a villainous one degrades them.’ Two: Entitle the woman who has come of age to tutelage as a right, and she may exercise it according to her choice and interests, on the basis of an interpretation of a holy verse stipulating that a woman cannot be compelled to marry against her will: “…place not difficulties in the way of their marrying their husbands, if it is agreed 3 between them in kindness.’ A woman may of her own free will delegate tutelage to her father or a male relative. Three: Equality between women and men with respect to the minimum age for marriage, which is now fixed at eighteen years for both, in accordance with certain provisions of the Malekite School, and authorize the judge to reduce this age only in justified cases, and further, equality between girls and boys under custody who may choose their custodian at the age of fifteen. Four: Concerning polygamy, we took into consideration the commitment to the tolerant principles of Islam in establishing justice, which the Almighty requires for polygamy to take place, as it is plainly stated in the Holy Koran: He said '...and if you fear that you cannot do justice (to so many) then one (only).' And since the Almighty ruled out the possibility for men to do justice in this particular case, He said: 'You will not be able to deal equally between (your) wives, however much you wish (to do so),' and he thus made polygamy quasi impossible under Sharia (religious law). We further adhered to the distinguished wisdom of Islam in allowing men to legitimately take a second wife, but only under compelling circumstances and stringent restrictions, with the judge’s authorisation, instead of illegitimate polygamy occurring if we prohibit it entirely. From thence, polygamy shall be allowed only in the following