in determining the period in question, refer to customary practice. 43 BOOK FOUR: OF LEGAL CAPACITY AND REPRESENTATION Title One: Of Legal Capacity, Causes of Guardianship due to Legal Incapacity (Al-Hajr), and Acts of Disposal Chapter I: Of Legal Capacity Article 206 There are two types of capacity: legal capacity and functional capacity. Article 207 Legal capacity entails the acquisition of rights and the assumption of liabilities, as defined by the law, that are indivisible from a person during his lifetime and of which he cannot be deprived. Article 208 Functional capacity entails the exercise of personal and financial rights and the power of disposal, with the law defining the conditions governing their acquisition and causes of their limitation or deprivation. Article 209 The age of legal majority is eighteen complete Gregorian years. Article 210 Any person that comes of legal age and presents none of the causes which limit or deprive him of his capacity shall be considered fully able to exercise his rights and to assume his obligations. Article 211 Any person devoid of or lacking in capacity shall be subjected, according to the circumstances, to the provisions governing legal tutelage, testamentary guardianship or courtappointed guardianship, in accordance with the rules set forth in this Moudawana. Chapter II: Of Grounds for Al-Hajr (Placing Under Guardianship due to Incapacity) and Procedures to Establish it Section 1: Of the Grounds for Al-Hajr Article 212 The grounds for placing a person under guardianship fall into one of two categories: the first impairs a person’s capacity while the other deprives the person of capacity. Article 213 Those considered as not fully capable of legally exercising their rights: 1. a young person who has attained the age of discernment but not yet reached the age of legal majority; 44 2. a prodigal person; 3. a demented person. Article 214 A discerning young person is one who has completed twelve full Gregorian years. Article 215 A prodigal person is one who squanders his money on trifles or on things reasonable people consider futile, in a way which inflicts harm on himself or on his family. Article 216 A demented person is a person suffering from a mental handicap that prevents him from controlling his thoughts and actions. Article 217 Those considered as incapable of exercising their rights: First, a young person that has not attained the age of discernment; Second, an insane person and a person who has lost his mind. A person who loses his mind in an intermittent way shall be considered as being fully capable during his intervals of lucidity. Voluntary loss of mind shall not dispense one from responsibility. Article 218 Guardianship over a minor shall terminate once the minor comes of legal age, unless she or he is placed under guardianship anew due to the existence of a cause warranting it. A person placed under guardianship due to a mental handicap or prodigality may request the court to remove it if she or he demonstrates signs of majority, and