women will be, upon the sworn word of both of the spouses, shared between them when neither of them renounces his or her oath. 13 Title Three: Of Marriage Impediments Article 35 There are two categories of marriage impediments: permanent and temporary. Chapter I: Of Permanent Impediments Article 36 Prohibited degrees of blood kinship relations, including a man’s ancestors, ascendants, and descendants. Article 37 Forbidden degrees of kinship by marriage, including the wives’ ascendants at the moment the marriage contract is concluded and their descendants if the marriage has been consummated with the mother, as well as the lineal paternal wives and the direct filial wives at the time of the marriage contract’s conclusion. Article 38 Impediments to marriage resulting from kinship by breastfeeding are the same as those prohibited through blood kinship and kinship by marriage. Only the breastfed child – not his or her brothers and sisters - is considered the child of the woman who breastfeeds him or her and of her husband. Breastfeeding is only an impediment to marriage if it occurred during the first two years of the child’s life. Chapter II: Of the Temporary Impediments Article 39 The temporary impediments to marriage are: 1- Marriage simultaneously to two sisters or to a woman and her paternal or maternal aunt, be the relation one of blood kinship or breastfeeding; 2- Marriage to more than the legally authorized number of wives; 3- After three successive repudiations, unless the wife’s iddat (or legal waiting period) has expired following the lawful conclusion and consummation of a marriage to another man. The remarriage of the thrice repudiated woman to another man annuls the three previous repudiations pronounced by the first repudiating husband. The resumption of marriage with this husband renews his right to repudiate her anew three times. 4- The marriage of a Muslim woman to a non-Muslim man, and the marriage of a Muslim man to a non-Muslim woman unless she is of the Christian or Jewish faith; 5- A married woman or a woman who is observing the iddat (legal waiting period). Article 40 Polygamy is forbidden when there is the risk of inequity between the wives. It is also forbidden when the wife stipulates in the marriage contract that her husband will not take 14 another wife. Article 41 The court will not authorize polygamy: - If an exceptional and objective justification is not proven. - If the man does not have sufficient resources to support the two families and guarantee all maintenance rights, accommodation and equality in all aspects of life. Article 42 In the absence of a stipulation by the wife in the marriage contract precluding polygamy, the husband wishing to resort to it must petition the court for authorization. The authorization petition should include the exceptional and objective motives that justify the request, and attach a statement on the applicant’s financial situation. Article 43 The court summons the wife whose husband wishes to take another wife. When she personally receives the summons and