Testamentary Guardian and the Court-Appointed Guardian Article 244 In the absence of the mother and a testamentary guardian, the court shall appoint a legal guardian for the ward, selecting the most qualified person from among the agnates, failing that, among other relatives, and if not, from among other persons. The court may designate two or more persons to exercise guardianship if it deems that it is in the best interests of the ward, and it attributes their respective functions. The members of the ward’s family, the petitioners for guardianship, and any other person with a vested interest may propose a candidate for the court-appointed guardianship. The court may appoint an interim guardian if need be. Article 245 The court shall immediately refer the case to the Public Prosecutor’s Office for an opinion which must be given within a deadline not to exceed fifteen days, and the court shall consider the case within a time limit not exceeding fifteen days from the date of the reception of the Public Prosecutor’s Office’s opinion. Article 246 Testamentary and court-appointed guardians must be fully capable, diligent, and honest. The solvability requirement is left to the appreciation of the court. Article 247 Testamentary and court-appointed guardianship may not be conferred upon: 1. A person who has been convicted for theft, breach of trust, forgery, or any other crime against morality; 2. Anyone who has been adjudicated bankrupt or placed in liquidation; 3. A person in litigation or familial conflict with the ward, where the conflict could impact adversely on the ward’s interests. Article 248 The court may appoint a surrogate guardian tasked with supervising the acts of the testamentary or court-appointed guardian and orienting him or her based on the ward’s interests, and the surrogate guardian shall likewise notify the court when he or she considers the management of the testamentary or court-appointed guardian deficient or fears that the ward’s estate may be depleted. Article 249 If the ward’s estate has not been inventoried, it becomes incumbent upon the testamentary or court-appointed guardian to carry out an inventory, and in all cases shall include the following: 1. Observations that the testamentary or court-appointed guardian may have concerning the inventory; 2. A proposed amount of annual maintenance for the ward and any person for whom the ward is responsible; 3. Specific propositions of urgent measures to be taken to safeguard the ward’s estate; 4. A plan for the management of the ward’s estate; 50 5. The known monthly or annual revenues generated by the ward’s estate. Article 250 The inventory, along with its supporting documents, shall be kept in the legal representation record and transcribed on the monthly or daily management register if necessary. The form and the content of the register shall be defined in a decree by the Minister of Justice. Article 251 At the conclusion of the inventory, the Public Prosecutor’s Office, the legal representative, the family council, or one or several of the ward’s relatives may submit observations to the Guardianship Judge