Article 25 The woman of legal majority may conclude her marriage contract herself or delegate this power to her father or one of her relatives. Chapter II: Of the Dowry Article 26 The dowry is that which the husband gives to his wife as an expression of his desire to marry her and to build a stable family based on affection and good amicable relations between husband and wife. Its legitimacy is based on its moral and symbolic value rather than its material value. Article 27 The dowry amount is specified upon the conclusion of the marriage contract, and in the event it is not specified, the marriage is deemed one of “entrustment.” If the husband and wife do not agree on the amount of dowry during the marriage of 12 “entrustment”, the court shall determine its amount by taking into consideration the social background of both the husband and wife. Article 28 Anything that constitutes a source of legal commitment can serve as a dowry, and the dowry should be modest. Article 29 The dowry is the woman’s property to use as she wishes, and the husband has no right to ask her for furniture or anything else in exchange for the dowry he gave her. Article 30 The husband and wife may agree on the immediate or deferred payment of the dowry within a fixed deadline, be it for the entire amount or for part of it. Article 31 The dowry is paid on the fixed deadline. The wife may ask for the payment of the dowry before starting conjugal life. When conjugal life commences before payment of the dowry, it becomes a debt on the husband. Article 32 The wife’s right to the totality of the dowry vests with the consummation of the marriage or if she dies before the husband does. She has the right to half of the dowry if divorce occurs before the marriage is consummated. She has no right to the dowry before the marriage is consummated: 1- When the marriage contract is nullified; 2- When the marriage contract is rejected because of a defect in the wife or because of a defect in the husband; 3- When divorce occurs in a marriage of “entrustment.” Article 33 When the payment of the dowry before the marriage is consummated is in dispute, the wife’s declaration takes precedence over the husband’s. When the payment of the deferred dowry is in dispute, the husband must prove that he has paid it. The dowry is not subject to prescription. Article 34 All possessions the wife brings with her to the marriage including furniture and accompanying items are her property. When disputes arise concerning the remaining household furnishings, the matter is decided according to general rules of evidence. However, if neither the husband nor the wife presents any evidence, the husband under oath claims those effects that men habitually use and the wife under oath claims those effects that women habitually use. Objects commonly used by men and