issued abroad before officials and civil servants with jurisdiction in the matter after meeting all required legal measures, noting on these decrees the mention that they are enforceable in conformity to Articles 430, 431 and 432 of the Civil Procedure Code. 31 Title Seven: Of the Effects of the Dissolution of the Marriage Contract Chapter I: Of the Legal Waiting Period (iddat) Article 129 The legal waiting period starts to run from the date of the repudiation, divorce, annulment or death. Article 130 The legal waiting period is mandatory only when the marriage has been consummated and real intimacy has occurred, or upon the death of the husband. Article 131 During the legal waiting period the divorced woman or the woman whose husband has died shall reside in the marital home or in another home prepared for her. Section 1: Of the Legal Waiting Period Following the Death of the Husband Article 132 The legal waiting period of the woman whose husband has died and who is not pregnant is four full months and ten days. Section 2: Of the Legal Waiting Period of the Pregnant Woman Article 133 The pregnant woman’s legal waiting period ends with the delivery of the baby or the end of the pregnancy. Article 134 In the event the woman observing the legal waiting period claims doubt about her pregnancy, and there is a dispute on this matter, the case shall be referred to the court, which will resort to expert assistance to ascertain the pregnancy and date of conception in order to decide whether the legal waiting period should continue or not. Article 135 The maximum duration of pregnancy is one year from the date of the divorce or death of the husband. Article 136 The legal waiting period for non pregnant women is: 1- three full cycles for women who still have menstrual cycles; 2- three full months for women who have never had menstrual cycles or for those who have reached menopause, but if she menstruates before the end of the three months, she continues her legal waiting period for three additional cycles; 3- for women whose menstrual cycles are late or irregular or who cannot distinguish menstrual flow from other secretions, they observe the legal waiting period for three cycles after a waiting period of nine months. 32 Chapter II: Of the Overlapping of Legal Waiting Periods Article 137 When the husband of the woman who was divorced though a revocable divorce dies while she is still under the legal waiting period, she observes the waiting period for death rather than the legal waiting period for divorce. Title Eight: Of Divorce Certification Procedures and Content Article 138 Divorce must be certified by two ‘adouls’ (public notaries) specialized in the matter, once the court authorizes it and after submission of the marriage record. Article 139 The divorce decree should include the following: 1-The date of the divorce authorization and its number; 2-The identities, addresses, identity card numbers or their substitute of the