responsibilities, the legal representative shall be subjected to judicial supervision, in accordance with the provisions of the following articles. Section 1: Of the Legal Tutor § 1. The Father Article 236 By law, the father is the tutor of his children unless he is disqualified by judicial order. The mother may manage urgent affairs of her children in the event the father is prevented from doing so. Article 237 The father may designate a testamentary guardian for his child or an unborn child and is entitled to revoke any such designation. The testament shall be submitted to a judge for verification and approval upon the death of the father. 48 § 2. The Mother Article 238 The conditions under which the mother may assume tutelage over her children are: 1. She must have reached the age of legal majority; 2. Non-presence of the father due to his death, absence, or incapacity. The mother may designate a testamentary guardian for her child, and is entitled to revoke any such designation. The testament shall be submitted to a judge for verification and approval upon the death of the mother. In the event of co-existence of a testamentary guardian appointed by the father and the mother, the testamentary guardian’s responsibility shall be limited to the supervision of the mother’s management of the child’s affairs and, if necessary, notification of the court. Article 239 The mother and any benefactor who donates money to the ward may stipulate that he or she assume legal representation in the management and investment of the money donated, and this condition shall be enforceable. § 3. Provisions Common to Tutelage by both Parents Article 240 The tutor shall not be subjected to a priori court supervision in the management of the ward’s money, and no legal representation shall be opened unless the value of the ward’s property exceeds two hundred thousand (200,000) dirhams. However, the Guardianship Judge may order legal representation for amounts lower than the aforementioned figure if he deems it to be in the interests of the ward. This amount may be increased by administrative regulation. Article 241 If the value of the ward’s property exceeds two hundred thousand (200,000) dirhams during its management, the tutor shall notify the judge so that legal representation may be opened. The ward or his or her mother may also petition the judge to this effect. Article 242 At the conclusion of the tutelage, and in the existence of legal representation, the tutor shall notify the Guardianship Judge of the status of the ward’s property in a detailed recapitulatory report submitted for approval. Article 243 In all cases where legal representation is opened, the tutor shall submit an annual report detailing the management and investment of the ward’s property, and describing the care, education and guidance given to the ward. Following the submission of this report, the court may take all measures it deems necessary to protect the ward’s property and his financial and moral interests. 49 Section 2: Of the