difficult for any person other than the mother; 3. If her husband is in a degree of kinship relations precluding marriage, or is the child’s legal representative; 4. If she is the child’s legal representative. The marriage of the custodial mother shall exonerate the father from payment of the child’s accommodation expenses and the custodial salary, and the father shall remain responsible for payment of child support. Article 176 Silence on the part of the person entitled to custody of the child for a period of one year after she or he has knowledge of the marriage shall result in the forfeiture of his or her right to custody, except in cases of force majeure. Article 177 The father and the mother of the child, as well as his or her relatives and any third party, shall notify the Public Prosecutor’s Office of any harm endured by the child so that it may take all necessary measures to safeguard the child’s rights, including withdrawal of custody. Article 178 Child custody is not lost if the custodian or legal tutor moves to another locality within Morocco, unless it is established for the court that there is cause for its withdrawal, taking into account the best interests of the child, the particular conditions of the father or legal representative, as well as the distance separating the child from his or her legal tutor. Article 179 The court may, at the request of the Public Prosecutor’s Office or the child’s legal representative, include in the custody decree or any subsequent decision an injunction prohibiting travel by the child outside of Morocco without the prior consent of his or her legal representative. The Public Prosecutor’s Office shall notify the competent authorities about the injunction so that they may take all measures necessary to guarantee the execution of this decision. 39 In the event that permission to travel outside of Morocco with the child is not obtained, the custodian may petition the judge in charge of expeditious cases to secure such permission. Permission shall not be granted until the judge has ascertained that such travel is temporary and that the child will be returned to Morocco. Chapter IV: Of Child Visitation Article 180 The non-custodial parent is entitled to visit and be visited by the child. Article 181 The parents may organize such visits by mutual agreement, which is then conveyed to the court and its terms recorded in the custody decree. Article 182 In the event the parents fail to agree, in its custody decree the court shall establish the visitation times and places with such exactitude as to prevent any attempt intended to thwart such visits. In its determination, the court shall take into account the conditions of each party and the specific circumstances pertaining to each case, and its decision may be open to appeal. Article 183 Should any circumstances arise that render the organization of visits, as previously agreed upon by both parents or as determined by court decree, detrimental to