those with another nationality, 2- Refugees, including stateless persons, by virtue of the Geneva Treaty signed on July 28, 1951 relating to the status of refugees, 3- Relationships in which one of the parties is Moroccan, 4- Relationships between two Moroccans, one of whom is Muslim. Moroccans of Jewish faith shall be governed by the provisions of the Hebraic Moroccan Family Law. Article 3 The Public Prosecutor’s Office is an essential party to all legal actions related to the implementation of the provisions of this Moudawana. 8 BOOK ONE: OF MARRIAGE Title One: Of Engagement and Marriage Article 4 Marriage is a legal contract by which a man and a woman mutually consent to unite in a common and enduring conjugal life. Its purpose is fidelity, virtue and the creation of a stable family, under the supervision of both spouses according to the provisions of this Moudawana. Chapter I: Of Engagement Article 5 Engagement is the reciprocal promise of marriage between a man and a woman. Engagement takes place through the expression by the two parties of a reciprocal promise to marry by any accepted means, including the reading of the Sura of Al Fatiha from the Holy Koran and the customary exchange of presents. Article 6 The two parties are considered to be in an engagement period until the marriage is officially registered. Each party has the right to break off the engagement. Article 7 No compensation is due for breaking off the engagement. However, if one of the parties causes any harm to the other, the injured party may ask for compensation from the other. Article 8 Either party may recover the presents he or she offered to the other provided that the breaking off of the engagement was not his or her decision. Presents are returned in the state in which they were initially offered or reimbursed according to their value, depending on the circumstances. Article 9 If the engaged man pays the dowry or part of it and the engagement is broken off, or if one of the parties dies during the engagement period, he or his inheritors recovers what the latter initially offered in its original state, something comparable, or something of equivalent value. If the engaged woman refuses to reimburse the money with which she bought furniture, the person responsible for breaking off the engagement assumes the loss between the value of the furniture and the amount of money initially paid. Chapter II: Of Marriage Article 10 1. Marriage is legally concluded by an offer expressed by one of the parties and acceptance by the other, in any accepted expression from which the meaning of marriage is inferred verbally or conventionally. 9 2. Persons unable to speak may legally write their consent if they are literate, and if they cannot write, any clear sign understood by the other party and the witnesses is legally sufficient. Article 11 To be valid, the offer and acceptance must be: 1- expressed verbally whenever possible; otherwise, they must