court to attempt reconciliation. If the reconciliation attempt does not succeed, the court shall grant the divorce in exchange for compensation after fixing its amount, taking into consideration the amount of the dowry, the duration of the marriage, the reasons for the divorce petition, and the material situation of the wife. If the wife maintains her request for a divorce in return for compensation and the husband does not consent, she may resort to the irreconcilable differences procedure. Title Six: Of Divorce and Repudiation Categories Chapter I: Of Interim Orders Article 121 When a suit between the spouses is brought before the court, and cohabitation between them is impossible, the court may, on its own motion or upon request, prescribe interim measures it deems appropriate for the wife and children pending judgment on the case, including the choice of living with one of her or her husband’s relatives. Such measures shall be immediately enforced by the Public Prosecutor. Chapter II: Of Revocable and Irrevocable Divorces Article 122 Any divorce granted by the court is irrevocable, with the exception of cases of divorce on the grounds of abandonment and non maintenance. Article 123 Any divorce pronounced by the husband is revocable, with the exception of a third 30 repudiation, divorce before the marriage is consummated, divorce by mutual consent, divorce in exchange for compensation, and repudiation when the husband has assigned his right to exercise it to his wife. Article 124 The husband may take his wife back during the legal waiting period (iddat). If the husband wants to take back his wife after a revocable divorce, two adouls (public notaries) shall certify this and immediately inform the judge. Before validating the “resumption document,” the judge must summon the wife to inform her of this. If she doesn’t comply with this request and refuses to return, she may resort to the irreconcilable differences procedure in preceding Article 94. Article 125 At the conclusion of the legal waiting period (iddat) following a revocable divorce, the woman is deemed irrevocably divorced. Article 126 Irrevocable divorce not practiced for the third time puts an immediate end to the marriage relationship, but does not prohibit the renewal of the marriage contract. Article 127 Divorce for the third time puts an immediate end to the marriage relationship and prohibits the renewal of the marriage contract with the divorced woman unless the iddat (legal waiting period) following a legitimately consummated marriage with another husband has expired. Article 128 Judicial decisions on divorce, divorce in exchange for compensation or annulment, rendered in accordance with the provisions of this code, shall not be open to appeal as concerns the termination of the marital relationship. Decisions rendered by foreign courts concerning repudiation, divorce, divorce in exchange for compensation, or annulment shall be admissible when they are issued by a court with jurisdiction over the matter and are based on grounds for terminating the marriage relationship that do not contradict those contained in this Moudawana. The same standard applies for decrees