his or her legal representative may do likewise. A minor who has attained the age of sixteen may request the court to declare him or her as having reached legal majority. His or her legal representative may also request the court to declare the majority of the minor who has attained the aforementioned age, if the minor demonstrates signs of majority. Declaring the majority of a minor results in the acquisition by the latter of his property, as well as full capacity to manage and dispose of it, and the exercise of non-monetary rights shall remain subject to the legal texts governing them. In all cases, legal majority may not be conferred on any of the above persons unless it has been proven to the court following all necessary legal procedures. Article 219 If the legal representative considers that the ward, before coming of legal age, has been 45 afflicted with a mental handicap or has become prodigal, the representative shall refer the matter to the court, which will examine whether guardianship should continue, and the court may resort to all legal means of proof. Section 2: Of the Procedures to Establish al-Hajr and to Remove it Article 220 Demented, prodigal, and insane persons shall be placed under guardianship by a ruling from the time their state is established, and guardianship shall be removed as of the date of the extinction of its causes, in accordance with the provisions of this present Moudawana. Article 221 A ruling placing a person under guardianship or removing it shall be issued by the court at the request of the person concerned, the Public Prosecutor’s Office, or any person with a stake in the matter. Article 222 In upholding the guardianship or removing it, the court shall rely on medical expertise as well as all other legal means of proof. Article 223 A ruling placing a person under guardianship or removing it shall be publicized by all means deemed appropriate by the court. Chapter III: Of the Acts of the Person Placed Under Guardianship Section 1: Of the Acts of a Person Devoid of Capacity Article 224 The acts of a person devoid of capacity are null and without effect. Section 2: Of the Acts of a Person Not Fully Capable Article 225 The acts of a discerning young person are governed by the following provisions: 1. They are valid if they are fully beneficial to him or her; 2. They are null if they are harmful to him or her; 3. Their effects shall be subject to the permission of his or her legal representative, if the acts are neither clearly beneficial nor harmful, and the legal representative shall, within the limits of the authority vested in him, safeguard the interests of the ward. Article 226 A discerning young person may receive a portion of his property to manage on a probationary basis. Permission shall be granted by the legal tutor, or by decision of the 46 Guardianship Judge on the basis of