established by presumption and may only be refuted by judicial decision. Article 152 Paternity is established by: 1- the conjugal bed; 2- acknowledgement; 3- sexual relations by error. Article 153 The conjugal bed is proven by the same means used to prove the marital relationship. The conjugal bed that meets the required conditions is irrefutable proof of paternity, only subject to disavowal by the husband through a sworn allegation of adultery committed by his spouse, or by means of an irrefutable expertise, upon two conditions: - The husband must present solid proof of his allegations; - Issuance of a judicial decision ordering the expertise. Article 154 The paternity of a child is proven by the conjugal bed: 1- If the child is born six months after the marriage contract was concluded and the opportunity for sexual intercourse has existed, whether the marriage contract is valid or defective; 2- When the child is born during the year that follows the date of separation. Article 155 If a pregnancy results from sexual relations by error and the woman delivers within the minimum and maximum statutory pregnancy period, the child’s paternity shall be attributed to the author of the sexual intercourse. Paternity due to sexual relations by error is established by all legal means. Article 156 If an engagement takes place by an offer and acceptance but for reasons of force majeure the marriage contract was not officially concluded, and during the engagement period the engaged woman shows signs of pregnancy, the child is affiliated to the engaged man on the grounds of sexual relations by error when the following conditions are met: a- If the two engaged person’s families are aware of the engagement, and if the woman’s legal tutor, if required, has approved the engagement; 35 b- If it appears that the engaged woman became pregnant during the engagement period; c- If the two engaged persons mutually acknowledge that they are responsible for the pregnancy. These conditions are established by a judicial decision not open to appeal. If the engaged man denies responsibility for the pregnancy, all legal means may be used to prove paternity. Article 157 When paternity is proven, even if the marriage is defective, if it results from sexual relations by error, or by acknowledgement, it produces all of the effects of kinship, including the prohibition of marriage within degrees of kinship and breastfeeding relations, and creates kinship maintenance and inheritance rights. Article 158 Paternity is proven by the conjugal bed, the father’s acknowledgement, the testimony of two public notaries (adouls), oral testimony, and by all other legal means, including judicial expertise. Article 159 The husband’s paternity of the child and the pregnancy of his wife may only be refuted by judicial decision, in accordance with preceding Article 153. Article 160 Paternity is proven by the father’s acknowledgement of his paternity of the child in question, even in a “deathbed declaration”, according to the following conditions: 1- That the acknowledging father be of sound mind; 2- That the